It’s official – Western Sydney to open to passengers on 25 October and freight on 26 July 2026 | Prime Minister of Australia
Skip to main content
Main navigation
About the PM
Our work
Help with the cost of living
Stronger Medicare and aged care
Opportunities for Australians
A fair go at your first home
Building Australia’s future
Your Ministry
Media
Contact the PM
Home
Media
It’s official – Western Sydney to open to passengers on 25 October and freight on 26 July 2026
It’s official – Western Sydney to open to passengers on 25 October and freight on 26 July 2026
Media release
Wednesday 10 June 2026
The Hon Anthony Albanese MP
Prime Minister of Australia
The Hon Catherine King MP
Minister for Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and Local Government
Listen
After 15 years of planning, seven years of construction and a year of testing; Western Sydney International Airport will welcome its first passengers on 25 October 2026.
Western Sydney International (Nancy-Bird Walton) Airport (WSI) is Australia’s brand-new full-service airport operating curfew-free to deliver international, domestic and freight services.
With Western Sydney now Australia’s third-largest economy and home to half of the city’s population, the new airport will serve up to 10 million passengers annually, with scalable expansion to meet future demand.
Jetstar will operate the airport’s first ever commercial passenger flight, with an Airbus A320 set to take off from WSI to the Gold Coast at 11am on Sunday 25 October.
From launch, Jetstar will operate up to 14 flights a week between WSI and Melbourne; four weekly flights to the Gold Coast and three weekly flights to Brisbane.
Qantas will commence services from WSI from 28 March 2027, operating four flights per week to Brisbane and four flights per week to Melbourne, using QantasLink Embraer E190 aircraft.
Freight operations will commence earlier on Sunday 26 July, and Qantas Freight will begin regular flights to and from WSI the following evening.
These regular flights were secured by the Albanese Government in June 2023, as Qantas and Jetstar became the first airlines to announce they would fly in and out of Sydney’s new airport.
They will be joined by Air New Zealand, who will commence flights to Auckland on 26 October and Singapore Airlines, whose daily flights to Changi start on 23 November 2026.
Western Sydney’s new 24-hour airport is the centrepiece of the Albanese Labor Government's near $18 billion investment in Western Sydney, including the future Sydney Metro Airport rail connection and significant road upgrades to nearby Elizabeth Drive, Fifteenth Avenue and Mamre Road. This investment builds upon benefits already delivered through the recent opening of the M12 Motorway.
The entire WSI project has created over 12,800 jobs, with around half of those jobs going to local workers.
More than $500 million has also flowed to more than 360 Western Sydney based businesses during major construction works at WSI, including local tradies and construction companies, caterers, and security guards.
WSI will begin freight operations in July, however, in line with the Sydney Airport Curfew Act 1995, 1 November 2026 has been determined as the intended gazettal date for WSI to be open for night aircraft movements. This will have the effect of ceasing currently permitted freight flights from taking off or landing at Sydney (Kingsford Smith) Airport during the overnight curfew period. Exceptions will continue to be made for emergencies or where there is special dispensation.
Quotes attributable to Prime Minister Anthony Albanese
“In
2011
, I commissioned a joint study with the NSW Government into how we’d deliver a second airport. I said at the time, it wasn’t ‘a matter of if Sydney needed a new airport, but when.’
“15 years later, this new airport is almost ready to open.
“I want to thank the tens of thousands of people who over the years planned, built and are now testing Western Sydney International Airport and the surrounding infrastructure right here in Western Sydney.”
Quotes attributable to the Minister for Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and Local Government Catherine King
“This is a big moment for Sydney, with passenger flights at Western Sydney Airport commencing in just 137 days.
“With the new Nancy-Bird Walton Terminal, and brand-new cargo and business precincts readying to open, this won’t just be the centre of travel in Western Sydney, but also jobs.”
Quote attributable to the Member for Greenway, Michelle Rowland
“With the opening date now set, Western Sydney is one step closer to having our own gateway to the world, creating jobs and unlocking new opportunities for our region.”
Quote attributable to the Member for McMahon, Chris Bowen
“Western Sydney’s gateway to the world is opening soon, and it will open ready to support Sustainable Aviation Fuel. Cleaner, greener fuel that we can grow, and soon, produce here.”
Quote attributable to the Member for Werriwa, Anne Stanley
“The Albanese Government isn’t just delivering Western Sydney’s new airport, but also the infrastructure upgrades it needs as well. Welcome projects for a growing community.”
Quote attributable to the Member for Macarthur, Mike Freelander
“This project is a tremendous boost for South West Sydney and will deliver economic and transport opportunities for workers and travellers alike. I am thankful to those involved in this project, including my son who worked on it, and I can’t wait to see it in action!”
Quote attributable to Member for Banks, Zhi Soon
“For communities right across Sydney, this is a really exciting moment. After years of planning and construction, Western Sydney International is about to open its doors, creating jobs, boosting our economy and connecting Sydney to the world in new ways.”
Quote attributable to Member for Hughes, David Moncrieff
“Western Sydney Airport will be a game-changer for the southwestern Sydney economy. This project will deliver jobs and business opportunities for residents and small businesses across the Macarthur region and Liverpool area.”
Share
PM&C acknowledges the traditional owners and custodians of country throughout Australia and acknowledges their continuing connection to land, water and community. We pay our respects to the people, the cultures and the elders past, present and emerging.
Footer menu
Copyright
FOI disclosure log
About this website
Accessibility
Disclaimer
Privacy statement
Main navigation
About the PM
Our work
Your Ministry
Media
Contact the PM