Western Sydney Aerotropolis | Planning
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
A NSW Government website
Planning
menu
Open
Menu
search
Show
Search
person
Planning Portal login
launch
(link is external)
Search site for:
search
Search
close
Close search
Menu
close
Close Menu
The planning system
Plans in NSW
Have your say
For homeowners
Data and resources
About us
News
Home
Plans in NSW
Priority growth areas and precincts
Western Sydney Aerotropolis
Western Sydney Aerotropolis
Priority growth areas and precincts
The Western Sydney Aerotropolis will become a thriving economic centre in Western Sydney.
Benefiting from proximity to the new Western Sydney International (Nancy-Bird Walton) Airport, the Aerotropolis will contribute towards 200,000 new jobs in the broader Western Parkland City and become a high skill jobs hub across aerospace and defence, manufacturing, healthcare, freight and logistics, agribusiness, education and research industries.
Recent updates
Expand all
Collapse all
IPG Badgerys Creek Road Master Plan finalised
keyboard_arrow_down
The IPG Badgerys Creek Road Master Plan (Master Plan), prepared by Ingham Property Group (IPG), has been approved by the Minister for Planning and Public Spaces on 11 July 2025.
The Master Plan for the 184-hectare IPG site includes an enterprise estate with warehouse and distribution centres, light industry, and a small-scale local centre including commercial and retail uses, as well as the provision of open space.
Read the final plan on the
NSW Planning Portal
.
Bradfield City Centre Master Plan finalised
keyboard_arrow_down
The Bradfield City Centre Master Plan was approved in September 2024. The master plan sets out a framework for future development within the city centre, including new planning controls, future road networks and open space.
The master plan, prepared by the Bradfield Development Authority, has the capacity to provide 10,000 homes and 20,000 jobs, as part of more than 100,000 jobs across the Aerotropolis.
Read the final plan on the
NSW Planning Portal
.
Aerotropolis Precinct Plan updates
keyboard_arrow_down
The Aerotropolis Precinct Plan was amended in July 2025 to reflect changes made due to the Badgerys Creek Road Master Plan.
Read the amended Aerotropolis Precinct Plan on the
NSW Planning Portal
.
Western Sydney Aerotropolis explained
The Aerotropolis will be the beating heart of the Western Parkland City, connecting to Greater Parramatta and the Harbour CBD.
Learn more
Explore Western Sydney Aerotropolis
The Aerotropolis and Precincts
east
The Aerotropolis planning framework
east
Aerotropolis Special Infrastructure Contribution
east
Master planning in the Aerotropolis
east
info
More information
For more information about the Western Sydney Aerotropolis email
aerotropolis@dpie.nsw.gov.au
Updated 19 May 2026
Support hub
Contact us
We pay respect to the Traditional Custodians and First Peoples of NSW, and acknowledge their continued connection to their country and culture.
Accessibility
Copyright and disclaimer
Privacy
Copyright ©
2026
Built by
NSW Design System