Department of Planning, Housing and Infrastructure 
dphi.nsw.gov.au 
Western Sydney 
Aerotropolis Precinct Plan 
 
11 July 2025 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 2 
Acknowledgement of 
Country 
The Department of Planning, Housing and Infrastructure acknowledges that 
it stands on Aboriginal land. We acknowledge the Traditional Custodians of 
the land and we show our respect for Elders past, present and emerging 
through thoughtful and collaborative approaches to our work, seeking to 
demonstrate our ongoing commitment to providing places in which Aboriginal 
people are included socially, culturally and economically. 
Published by NSW Department of Planning, Housing and Infrastructure 
dphi.nsw.gov.au 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan  
First published: 25 March 2022  
Current version: 11 July 2025 (Amendment 3) 
 
Version 
Date 
Notes 
Version 1 
25 March 2022 
- 
Version 2 
26 May 2023 
Amendment 1 – Minor changes to planning controls within the 
Sydney Science Park and 2700 Elizabeth Drive, Luddenham 
Version 3 
4 September 2024 Amendment 2 - Amended by the approval of the Bradfield Master 
Plan dated July 2024 (WSA MP_02). 
Version 4 
11 July 2025 
Amendment 3 – Amended by the approval of the Ingham Property 
Group (IPG) Master Plan dated 11 July 2025 (WSA MP_01). 
 
Copyright and disclaimer 
© State of New South Wales through Department of Planning, Housing and Infrastructure 
2025. Information contained in this publication is based on knowledge and understanding at 
the time of writing, July 2025, and is subject to change. For more information, please visit 
dpie.nsw.gov.au/copyright 
TMP-MC-R-WC-V1.2 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 3 
Contents 
1 
Introduction .................................................................................................................................... 5 
1.1 
The Precinct Plan 
5 
1.2 
Land Application 
5 
1.3 
How to use this Precinct Plan in development assessment 
7 
2 
Precinct vision and objectives ..................................................................................................... 10 
2.1 
Precinct Plan objectives 
10 
2.2 
Aerotropolis Core 
11 
2.3 
Badgerys Creek 
12 
2.4 
Wianamatta-South Creek Initial 
13 
2.5 
Northern Gateway 
14 
2.6 
Agribusiness 
15 
3 
Infrastructure and Development Staging ................................................................................. 17 
3.1 
Infrastructure Delivery 
17 
3.2 
Development Sequencing 
18 
3.3 
Out of Sequence Development 
21 
4 
Urban Structure ........................................................................................................................... 22 
4.1 
Proposed Land Use and Structure Plan 
22 
4.2 
Subdivision and Block Structure 
26 
4.3 
Aboriginal Culture and Heritage – Recognising Country 
27 
4.4 
Non-Aboriginal and European Heritage 
30 
4.5 
Blue-Green Infrastructure Framework 
31 
4.6 
Movement Framework 
44 
4.7 
Sustainability and Resilience 
52 
5 
Land Use and Built Form .............................................................................................................55 
5.1 
Hierarchy of Centres 
55 
5.2 
Height 
59 
5.3 
Floor Space Ratio 
61 
5.4 
Yield and Density 
63 
5.5 
Temporary land uses 
63 
5.6 
Design Excellence 
64 
6 
Glossary ........................................................................................................................................ 67 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 4 
Figures 
Figure 1: Land application map ................................................................................................................................................. 6 
Figure 2: Development Sequencing .................................................................................................................................... 20 
Figure 3: Land Use and Structure Plan ............................................................................................................................. 25 
Figure 4: Heritage and Cultural Landscapes.................................................................................................................. 29 
Figure 5: Blue-Green Infrastructure Framework .......................................................................................................... 32 
Figure 6: Total Water Cycle Management ....................................................................................................................... 36 
Figure 7: Protected Existing Native Vegetation and Protected areas under the Cumberland Plain 
Conservation Plan ....................................................................................................................................................................... 42 
Figure 8: Transport Network .................................................................................................................................................. 46 
Figure 9: Active Transport Network ................................................................................................................................... 47 
Figure 10: Street Hierarchy ...................................................................................................................................................... 51 
Figure 11: Centres Hierarchy ................................................................................................................................................... 57 
Figure 12: Height of Buildings................................................................................................................................................ 60 
Figure 13: Floor Space Ratio ................................................................................................................................................... 62 
Figure 14: Design Competitions ............................................................................................................................................ 66 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 5 
1 
Introduction 
1.1 
The Precinct Plan 
This Precinct Plan has been prepared and is in force under the provisions of State Environmental 
Planning Policy (Precincts – Western Parkland City) 2021, Chapter 4 Western Sydney Aerotropolis 
(the Western Parkland City SEPP). The Precinct Plan provides the place-based objectives and 
requirements to guide development in the Aerotropolis in a consistent and sustainable manner over 
time. This Plan sets out the finer grain detail to support the land use zoning and other provisions of 
the Western Parkland City SEPP.  
1.2 
Land Application 
This Precinct Plan applies to five precincts within the Western Sydney Aerotropolis, as shown on the 
Land Application Map at Figure 1:  
 
Aerotropolis Core  
 
Badgerys Creek 
 
Wianamatta-South Creek  
 
Northern Gateway 
 
Agribusiness (excluding Luddenham Village as shown on Figure 1) 
Planning for the remaining precincts will be undertaken at a later stage, and the provisions of other 
planning instruments continue to apply to those areas.  
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 6 
Figure 1: Land application map 
 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 7 
1.3 
How to use this Precinct Plan in development 
assessment 
The Precinct Plan is primarily used to assess development applications on land to which it applies in 
the Aerotropolis and provides further details on expectations for development in the Aerotropolis. In 
assessing a development application, the consent authority is to consider: 
 
whether the application is accompanied by an assessment of consistency with the Western 
Sydney Aerotropolis Plan (WSAP) and this Precinct Plan, as required by Section 35 of the 
Environmental Planning and Assessment Regulation 2021 (EP&A Regulation); and  
 
if the application is not consistent with one or more Precinct Plan requirements, whether the 
application is accompanied by a statement to vary the Precinct Plan in accordance with the 
section 4.39(b) of the Western Parkland City SEPP. 
The provisions of this Precinct Plan include objectives and requirements which must be considered 
in the assessment of a development application. The consent authority will determine if a 
development application is consistent with the Precinct Plan based on an assessment of compliance 
with the requirements, and with reference to the relevant objectives.  
Table 1 outlines the strategic plans, planning instruments and other documents that make up the 
planning framework for the Western Sydney Aerotropolis that are required to be considered in 
preparing a development application. In addition to this Precinct Plan and the planning framework 
identified below, the consent authority must have regard to other applicable environmental planning 
instruments that apply to the proposed development. 
Table 1: Aerotropolis planning framework and hierarchy of plans 
Plan / 
Instrument 
Statutory 
Context 
Purpose and alignment 
Western 
Sydney 
Aerotropolis 
Plan (WSAP) 
Section 35 of 
the EP&A 
Regulation and 
Ministerial 9.1 
Direction -
Implementation 
of the Western 
Sydney 
Aerotropolis 
Plan 
 The EP&A Regulation requires a statement of 
consistency with the WSAP with every development 
application in the Aerotropolis.  
 The WSAP provides overarching strategic direction 
for the development of land in the Aerotropolis. 
 The WSAP aligns with the Greater Sydney Region 
Plan:.  
 Informs the development of a precinct plan and 
Master Plan in the Aerotropolis.  

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 8 
Plan / 
Instrument 
Statutory 
Context 
Purpose and alignment 
Western 
Parkland City 
SEPP 
 
Environmental 
planning 
instrument 
created under 
the 
Environmental 
Planning and 
Assessment Act 
1979 (EP&A 
Act) 
 Provides key development standards and controls for 
development in the Aerotropolis. 
 Zones land to permit or prohibit land uses and 
provides development controls.  
 Creates a framework for the creation and 
amendment of a precinct plan and master plan.  
 Provides for complying development pathways.  
 Provides authority for a Master Plan to implement a 
complying development pathway.  
Western 
Sydney 
Aerotropolis 
Precinct Plan 
(this 
document, 
Precinct Plan)  
 
Mandatory plan 
required under 
the 
Aerotropolis 
SEPP 
 Provides additional place-based objectives, 
performance criteria and precinct scale structure 
planning for five precincts within the Aerotropolis.  
 Aligns with the WSAP and Aerotropolis SEPP. 
Master Plan 
Optional plan 
created under 
the 
Aerotropolis 
SEPP (subject 
to criteria 
specified in the 
Aerotropolis 
SEPP and the 
Master Plan 
guidelines) 
 Unlocks a complying development pathway by setting 
detailed development and design criteria for 
permitted development. 
 Aligns with the Precinct Plan (or proposed precinct 
plan amendment). 
 Enables a process to further investigate place based 
site-specific outcomes and fine grain development 
considerations.  
 A Master Plan may include further development 
objectives, performance outcomes and benchmark 
solutions for development. 
Aerotropolis 
Development 
Control Plan 
(DCP) 
DCP under the 
EP&A Act. 
 Provides additional detail with regard development 
objectives, performance outcomes and benchmark 
solutions for development to support the WSAP, 
Western Parkland City SEPP and Precinct Plan.  
 Used in development assessment 
Inconsistencies with the Precinct Plan permitted by the Aerotropolis SEPP 
The Aerotropolis SEPP outlines how this Precinct Plan is to be considered in the assessment of 
development applications. Some requirements in this Precinct Plan provide flexibility for 
development applications to demonstrate that objectives and requirements can be achieved 
through alternative design solutions (for example, in the placement and layout of local streets). In 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 9 
such cases, development applications can propose alternative solutions that comply with the 
assessment criteria set out in the relevant requirements in the Precinct Plan. This Precinct Plan is 
explicit on the controls that can be flexibly applied where an alternative design solution can be 
demonstrated by the proponent that achieves the same intent. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 10 
2 Precinct vision and objectives 
The vision for the Aerotropolis is derived from the WSAP. Section 2.1 provides objectives that apply 
to all land to which the Precinct Plan applies. Precinct specific visions and objectives are provided in 
section 2.2 Aerotropolis Core , section 2.3 Badgerys Creek , section 2.4 Wianamatta-South Creek , 
section 2.5 Northern Gateway Precinct , and section 2.6 Agribusiness Precinct . 
The vision and objectives provide strategic direction for the Land Use Plan in section 4.1 of this 
Precinct Plan.  
2.1 
Precinct Plan objectives 
The following objectives apply to all land to which this Precinct Plan applies.  
 
01 
‘Start with Country’ by promoting access to Country and designing the Aerotropolis through 
a process that includes Aboriginal people. 
 
02 
Celebrate culture by reflecting the cultural landscape and continuous connection of 
Aboriginal people and Country through: 
a. 
the design of the public domain;  
b. 
preservation and rehabilitation of the natural environment and systems;  
c. 
the alignment of movement networks with culturally significant spaces;  
d. 
the design of buildings; and 
e. 
keeping language alive in the naming of places. 
 
03 
Integrate development and the delivery of infrastructure to maintain a supply of 
developable land that maximises the efficiency of infrastructure investment. 
 
04 
Protect Airport operations, including 24-hour operations, and protect future communities 
from aircraft noise. 
 
05 
Facilitate quality and innovative development to provide for a variety of employment uses 
that grow and diversify the economy of the Western Parkland City. 
 
06 
Enable land use to evolve in line with changing economic drivers, and facilitate 
development that will contribute to building the Western Parkland City. 
 
07 
Implement a landscape-led approach to designing the Aerotropolis, utilising the blue-green 
grid and natural topography of the Aerotropolis as the defining elements.  

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 11 
 
08 
Provide for social infrastructure in strategic locations that support the residents, workers 
and visitors to the Aerotropolis.  
 
09 
Plan for a transport network that facilitates movement of freight and people, and prioritises 
active and sustainable transport modes to improve community health and minimise the 
impacts of development and economic activity on climate change.  
 
10 
Provide landscaped, safe, activated, interesting and healthy streets that prioritise 
pedestrian, cycle and public transport movements. 
 
011 
Design an urban environment that responds to the climate extremes of Western Sydney and 
mitigates and adapts to urban heat. 
 
012 
Manage water in the landscape to facilitate urban cooling, improve waterway health and 
biodiversity and promote sustainable water use. 
 
013 
Plan for a resilient city through implementation of a risk-based approach to management of 
natural hazards including flooding, bushfire, drought and heat. 
 
014 
Reinstate and rehabilitate natural landscape connections and systems to sustain 
biodiversity and allow natural systems to function sustainably. 
 
015 
Facilitate the establishment of circular economy industries to reduce waste, leverage 
synergies between industries and circulate resources within and beyond the industrial 
supply and materials chains of the Aerotropolis.  
2.2 Aerotropolis Core  
Vision  
The Aerotropolis Core is a dense urban precinct planned around the Aerotropolis Metro station and 
the Wianamatta-South Creek Corridor system. It is defined by a new regional park system along 
Thompsons Creek and a focus on the new metropolitan centre. 
It will offer attractive places for workers, residents and visitors and complement the metropolitan 
cluster of Greater Penrith, Liverpool and Campbelltown-Macarthur. The Western Sydney 
Aerotropolis Plan estimates that the Aerotropolis Core could accommodate 50,000 to 60,000 jobs, 
leveraging the positive economic impact of the adjacent Western Sydney Airport.  
The metropolitan centre will be focused on advanced manufacturing, research and development, 
professional services, creative industries and science, technology, engineering and mathematics 
(STEM) focused educational facilities, and will facilitate the emerging aerospace and defence 
industries. The Precinct will also attract business incubator hubs and shared office workspaces. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 12 
While the land use focus for the Precinct is on employment and economic development, the 
Aerotropolis Core will include residential development in areas not significantly affected by aircraft 
noise. Residential development will be within walking distance of the Metro station or other public 
transport and will benefit from proximity to blue-green infrastructure including creeks and open 
spaces. 
Additional Precinct Objectives 
 
01 
Develop a metropolitan centre, around the Aerotropolis Core Metro station that will be a 
focus for business, tourism and social experiences. 
 
02 
Be the location of choice for advanced manufacturing and high technology industries in 
Australia with accessible infrastructure, public transport and high design quality with fit-
for-purpose buildings and green spaces. 
 
03 
Facilitate the establishment of an aerospace and defence industries sub-precinct through 
the provision of appropriate infrastructure, a variety of lot configurations and sizes and by 
enabling 24/7 operations of the Western Sydney Airport. 
 
04 
Facilitate the development of educational uses accessible by public transport and active 
transport. 
 
05 
Prioritise pedestrian and active transport within the Aerotropolis Core through 
infrastructure and amenity in the street network and the blue-green grid. 
 
06 
Enable residential development as part of a diverse mixed use sub-precinct in areas that are 
not impacted by airport noise and that benefit from proximity to Wianamatta-South Creek 
and Thompsons Creek. 
2.3 Badgerys Creek  
Vision  
Badgerys Creek will support the Western Sydney Airport operations and be well connected to the 
Aerotropolis Core metropolitan centre to the south and the Northern Gateway to the north-west. 
The Precinct will transform from lower density and less intensive land uses, buildings and structures 
to higher order employment-focused technology, advanced manufacturing and industry uses with 
the opportunity for between 9,000 – 11,000 jobs (estimated by the WSAP). The Precinct will be 
linked to the east across Wianamatta-South Creek to areas such as Rossmore. 
The Precinct adjoins the Western Sydney Airport with good access to Elizabeth Drive and the M12 
Motorway. New developments will be designed to benefit from nearby major infrastructure and to 
appropriately integrate with existing resource recovery industries and new circular economy hubs. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 13 
Affected by aircraft noise, this Precinct is not suitable for noise sensitive land uses such as 
residential development. It will provide land for a range of employment generating uses that will 
benefit from proximity to the Western Sydney Airport.  
Additional Precinct Objectives 
 
01 
Develop industries that leverage access to freight transport networks including the M12 
and Elizabeth Drive. 
 
02 
Take advantage of proximity and direct access to the Western Sydney Airport for the 
production of goods for export. 
 
03 
Ensure that development is responsive to the Western Sydney Airport’s operational 
constraints including noise, Obstacle Limitation Surfaces and runway approaches.  
 
04 
Ensure that development in the Precinct is integrated with and takes advantage of 
proximity to the blue-green networks of Badgerys Creek and Wianamatta-South Creek. 
2.4 Wianamatta-South Creek Initial 
Vision  
The Precinct is located within the broader Wianamatta-South Creek Corridor. It will provide for a mix 
of land uses that are compatible with the environmental characteristics of the Precinct and 
development constraints including flooding. The Wianamatta-South Creek corridor will develop over 
time as an interconnected blue-green network that comprises privately owned land, parks, sporting 
fields, waterways and potential permanent water bodies, walking trails and community facilities.  
The Wianamatta-South Creek Precinct will include places for workers and will provide a green break 
between surrounding urban development.  
Additional Precinct Objectives 
 
01 
Prioritise the restoration and protection of the Wianamatta-South Creek Corridor system 
(including its tributaries) through integrated and naturalised water management, 
restoration of vegetation and protection and rehabilitation of watercourses and riparian 
zones. 
 
02 
Promote the role of water within Wianamatta-South Creek Corridor to support healthy, 
liveable and sustainable communities. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 14 
2.5 Northern Gateway 
Vision  
The Northern Gateway will be a major interface for the Western Sydney Airport and a specialised 
centre linking the Airport with the metropolitan cluster. It will be an employment precinct that can 
be easily accessed, with supporting residential areas where land is not affected by aircraft noise. It 
will provide skilled employment and business opportunities north of the Airport.  
High order employment uses will include freight and logistics, warehousing, technology, commercial 
enterprise, offices, industry, creative industry, fresh food markets, education, civic, health, visitor 
accommodation, recreation and entertainment. The Precinct will have synergies with the adjacent 
Western Sydney Airport Business Park, south of Elizabeth Drive.  
The Precinct will expand from the approved Sydney Science Park, which comprises a town centre 
with commercial buildings and housing.  
Sydney Metro services will provide connections between the Northern Gateway, the Western 
Sydney Airport and Aerotropolis Core Precinct. Rapid bus services to Penrith will provide additional 
connectivity. The Precinct will have access via Luddenham Road, Elizabeth Drive and the 
Agribusiness Precinct to the Airport. New roads will over time provide links to the rest of the 
Aerotropolis, St Marys, Greater Penrith and Greater Sydney.  
Residential mixed use will be medium and higher density within the walking catchment around the 
Luddenham Metro station, and oriented to address creek corridors and green spaces. In the north 
west of the Precinct, lower density residential development will assist to activate the Precinct in the 
early stages of its development. 
The topography of the Precinct provides opportunities for distinctive place-making and connection 
to Country, and presents challenges with respect to providing for single level large format  
industrial buildings. The street pattern and location of open space responds to topography, links 
ridges to creeks and the proposed land use. 
Additional Precinct Objectives 
 
01 
Develop the mixed use zone within walking distance of Luddenham Metro station into a 
specialised centre. Support a cluster of leading science-based business, tertiary institutions 
and research facilities connected by public transport.  
 
02 
Facilitate the development of a high technology employment precinct. 
 
03 
Facilitate a variety industrial and business enterprises and diverse residential development 
in locations that support the principles of transit-oriented development. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 15 
 
04 
Provide for a mix of uses to support the specialised centre, including social and educational 
uses to meet the demands of workers, residents, and visitors.  
 
05 
Prioritise the restoration and protection of natural ecology and management of water in the 
landscape, particularly at Cosgroves Creek and its tributaries. 
 
06 
Promote the role of water within Wianamatta-South Creek Corridor and Cosgroves Creek to 
support healthy, liveable and sustainable communities. 
2.6 Agribusiness 
Vision  
The Agribusiness Precinct is on the western edge of the Western Sydney Airport, and framed by the 
proposed Outer Sydney Orbital. The Precinct offers key access points to the Airport, allowing the 
development of agribusiness uses which could include integrated logistics, air freight, integrated 
intensive production, food innovation, fresh product, value added food uses, and pharmaceuticals. 
Development in the Precinct will build on the existing topography and natural features. Open spaces 
have been identified in strategic locations to protect creek corridors and areas of high biodiversity 
significance, and to improve access to open space for residents in Luddenham Village. Access and 
connection with Country will be facilitated and encouraged to enable opportunities for recreation, 
education, employment and business. 
The Precinct will build on successful agricultural operations and develop new agribusiness 
opportunities while protecting and embracing important vegetation within the landscape. This 
includes the development of integrated food and supply chain-related industries particularly those 
that rely on the skills of the growing population in the Western Parkland City. These industries will 
generate employment opportunities in high technology agriculture with customer-centric digitally 
enhanced systems, processes and platforms to enable rapid distribution connections to the broader 
road freight supply chain in Greater Sydney. The Precinct will provide opportunities for education 
and tourism.  
Additional Precinct Objectives  
 
01 
Enable fresh and value-added food production with access to local and global markets, and 
support Australia’s value-added agribusiness export industries. 
 
02 
Enable agricultural value-added industries and related freight and logistics facilities with 
access to the Outer Sydney Orbital and air-side access to the Western Sydney Airport. 
 
03 
Encourage education opportunities related to agriculture and agribusiness. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 16 
 
04 
Preserve and enhance significant landscaped vistas within and from the Precinct towards 
the Blue Mountains and along Cosgroves Creek.  
 
05 
Promote the role of water as a resource for agricultural production and its contribution to a 
healthy urban and natural environment.  
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 17 
3 Infrastructure and Development 
Staging 
Meeting the vision for the Aerotropolis (as set out in the WSAP) requires the coordination of land 
use, infrastructure and transport infrastructure. This part of the Precinct Plan sets out priority areas 
within the Initial Precincts based on infrastructure delivery programs and development objectives. It 
also specifies objectives and requirements to ensure development is orderly and efficient. 
3.1 
Infrastructure Delivery 
Objectives 
 
I01 
Ensure the staging of development and infrastructure delivery are aligned spatially and 
temporally.  
 
I02 
Ensure utilities and services are planned and delivered to meet demand from development. 
 
I03 
Protect existing utility infrastructure, including the Warragamba pipeline corridor and 
transmission lines. 
 
I04 
Deliver utilities, roads infrastructure and services in a manner that is safe, efficient and cost 
effective. 
 
I05 
Ensure design and location of utilities infrastructure allow space for planting, water 
sensitive urban design and footpaths. 
 
I06 
Ensure utilities design and locations consider space for alternative future services and 
allow for multi-utility corridors in the future. 
 
I07 
Use technology and data driven solutions to maximise quality of life across the 
Aerotropolis, in line with the NSW Smart Places Strategy and Smart Western City Program. 
 
I08 
Ensure that the design and location of infrastructure provision considers the impacts of 
climate change. 
Requirements 
 
I1 
Prior to granting development consent, the consent authority must be satisfied that 
essential services and infrastructure are available or will be available when required for the 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 18 
development. Essential services and infrastructure is road access, water supply, sewer, 
electricity and stormwater infrastructure. 
 
I2 
Development near utility infrastructure should be in accordance with the relevant service 
authority’s guidelines and requirements. 
 
I3 
Development will need to investigate and consider future planned utility infrastructure 
including the aviation fuel pipeline.  
 
I4 
Where the alignment of an aviation fuel pipeline is specified, applicants for development 
that adjoins the pipeline (including the planned pipeline alignment if not yet constructed) 
are to undertake a land use safety assessment to determine appropriate buffers and 
mitigation measures to reduce public risk in consultation with the relevant authority. 
 
I5 
Shared utility trenches are to be used and located generally in accordance with the utilities 
allocations in the Western Sydney Street Design Guideline and relevant cross-sections in 
the DCP to minimise the impacts of utilities allocations on landscaping and street tree 
planting. 
 
I6 
Fast, reliable and high-speed internet connectivity infrastructure is to be provided as part of 
all subdivision development and all buildings are to have direct connection to high speed 
internet that complies with the standards listed in the Australian and New Zealand Smart 
Cities Council Code for Smart Communities. 
3.2 Development Sequencing  
Within each Precinct, areas are categorised or sequenced into first, second and third Priority areas. 
First Priority areas align with the first stages of transport and utilities infrastructure delivery and are 
intended to be the initial stages of development, working towards achieving the employment and 
population targets of the WSAP.  
Objectives 
 
DSO1 
To ensure that development proceeds in an orderly and efficient sequence, aligned with the 
efficient delivery of infrastructure.  
 
DSO2 
To enable the rate of development to keep pace with demand for jobs, housing and services 
within the Aerotropolis. 
 
DSO3 
To align the sequencing of development within the Aerotropolis with the following criteria: 
a. 
Efficient infrastructure utility investment extending from existing infrastructure; 
b. 
focus on and around Metro stations to support investment in public transport; 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 19 
c. 
Proximity to, and the timing of delivery of the M12, The Northern Road and Elizabeth 
Drive upgrades; 
d. 
Access to the Western Sydney Airport for freight and passengers; 
e. 
Job creation potential and demand for land for new development; and 
f. 
Government priority areas within the Aerotropolis Core (refer below). 
Requirements 
 
DS1 
The sequencing of development is to be generally in accordance with the Sequencing Plan 
at Figure 2 (Out of Sequence provisions are outlined in section 3.3). 
 
DS2 
Development is not to compromise the efficient and orderly provision and staging of the 
transport network, utilities and servicing. 
 
DS3 
Early development must prioritise locations well supported by high levels of public and 
active transport accessibility. 
 
DS4 
Development does not result in isolated areas requiring out of sequence servicing by 
transport networks, utilities and services, or at additional cost to government or utility 
agencies. 
 
DS5 
The road network proposed as part of development applications is to be consistent with the 
Street Hierarchy Map at Figure 10, or temporary arrangements must be made with 
agreement of the relevant Roads Authority. 
 
DS6 
Locations with good access to the Western Sydney Airport for freight and passengers are 
to be prioritised. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 20 
Figure 2: Development Sequencing 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 21 
3.3 Out of Sequence Development 
Where a developer proposes to develop land that is within Priority Area 2 or Priority Area 3, or in 
parts of Priority Area 1 where essential infrastructure is not yet available or planned to be provided 
when required to service development, the consent authority is required, in consultation with 
utilities providers and Transport for NSW, to determine whether consent can be granted with 
reference to the requirements below. 
Objectives 
 
OSO1 
To enable development that does not yet have access to essential infrastructure to proceed 
where an applicant proposes to deliver essential infrastructure.  
 
OSO2 
To avoid additional and inefficient costs to government and utilities providers arising from 
development that does not align with the planned delivery of infrastructure. 
 
OSO3 
To ensure that out of sequence development does not unduly impact the orderly and 
efficient development of other land. 
Requirements 
 
OS1 
Where a development application proposes development that does not meet the 
Requirements of section 3.1, the applicant is required to demonstrate, to the satisfaction of 
the consent authority, that arrangements have been made for all essential services and 
infrastructure to be provided when required and at no additional cost to government 
(including the relevant Council and the NSW Government) and utilities authorities. 
 
OS2 
Applicants for development under Requirement OS1 must provide, as part of the 
development application, confirmation from utilities providers including Sydney Water and 
infrastructure delivery agencies including the relevant Council and Transport for NSW that: 
a. 
planned servicing and infrastructure provision will be in place to support development; 
and  
b. 
the development is capable of connecting to and integrating with existing or planned 
services and infrastructure. 
 
OS3 
Applicants for development under Requirement OS1 must demonstrate, to the satisfaction 
of the consent authority, that out of sequence development does not unreasonably impact 
on the ability of adjoining or nearby land owners to develop their land in accordance with 
the Precinct Plan, or result in unreasonable impacts on the environment of adjoining land. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 22 
4 Urban Structure 
This part of the Precinct Plan provides objectives and requirements that relate to the overall layout 
of the Precinct. The objectives and requirements in this part will predominantly apply to subdivision 
development applications, and guide the layout of the key elements that will form the urban 
structure of the Aerotropolis, including the blue-green grid, cultural heritage and connection to 
Country, the transport and movement networks. 
4.1 
Proposed Land Use and Structure Plan 
The map showing proposed land uses, as required by the Western Parkland City SEPP, is at Figure 3. 
The Proposed Land Use Plan provides the overall layout of development, areas of open space and 
environmental value, transport and stormwater infrastructure for the land to which this Plan applies. 
Objectives 
 
LUO1 
A mix of land uses are proposed that: 
a. 
Deliver employment diversity 
b. 
Leverage off the locational advantages of proximity to the Western Sydney Airport 
c. 
Grow and diversify the Greater Sydney and Western Parkland City economies 
d. 
Support workers and residents through diverse housing, community, social and 
recreational uses 
e. 
Support the needs of visitors reflective of the Aerotropolis’ role as an international 
gateway 
f. 
Respect and safeguard operations of the Western Sydney Airport 
 
LUO2 
A blue-green framework is delivered as development occurs that: 
a. 
Provides access to open space that meets the needs of workers and residents, students 
and visitors 
b. 
Preserves significant natural features including watercourses and remnant vegetation 
c. 
Accommodates infrastructure required to manage the flooding and water quality 
impacts of development 
d. 
Respects and enhances Aboriginal cultural heritage and archaeology and maximises 
opportunities to connect with Country 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 23 
 
LUO3 
Subdivision and civil works design creates the urban structure and: 
a. 
Reflects the Land Use Plan (Figure 3), Transport Network Plan (Figure 8) and Blue-
Green Infrastructure Framework (Figure 5)  
b. 
Creates a network of accessible, connected, efficient and sustainable neighbourhoods 
c. 
Optimises active transport and public transport connectivity, and the efficient 
movement of goods and delivery of services  
d. 
Responds to topography and natural systems including movement of water through the 
landscape 
e. 
Includes space for greening the urban environment, including canopy cover and green, 
pervious landscape to manage water flows, water quality and local climate conditions 
 
LUO4 
Buildings are situated and designed to: 
a. 
Contribute positively to the planned character of the place 
b. 
Concentrate worker and resident population density in locations that have good access 
to transport, services and amenity 
c. 
Reflect airport safeguarding requirements, accessibility for workers, and the functional 
requirements of businesses 
d. 
Respond to topography  
e. 
Integrate with and enhance the public domain 
f. 
Respond to natural features including retained vegetation and waterways 
g. 
Respect heritage items and culturally significant places 
h. 
Are energy efficient, comfortable and minimise consumption of resources and materials 
i. 
Contribute to appropriately managing water in the landscape 
Requirements  
 
LU1 
The types and densities of land uses are to be consistent with the Land Use Plan at Figure 
3. Key land use terms used in the Land Use Plan are described in the Glossary. 
 
LU2 
Subdivision and civil works are to be consistent with the road network shown on the 
Transport Network Plan (Figure 8). Local streets, laneways and active transport routes are 
designed to integrate with the Transport Network Plan and to: 
a. 
Ensure connectivity 
b. 
Encourage sustainable transport choices by providing direct routes that prioritise active 
transport and public transport for workers 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 24 
c. 
Appropriately cater for heavy vehicles including freight movements and public 
transport vehicles  
d. 
Facilitate coordinated development of parcels in different ownerships or at different 
times 
e. 
Assist with managing water in the landscape 
f. 
Minimise the extent and depth of earthworks and the need for retaining walls.  
 
LU3 
Local or Neighbourhood Centres in the Enterprise Zone or Agribusiness Zone are to be 
located within 400m of the indicative location on the Land Use Plan (Figure 3), and on public 
transport routes (collector roads or Sub-arterial Roads). 
 
LU4 
Connect ridgelines to watercourses through linear streets that maintain and enhance visual 
connections, integrate canopy cover, deep soil, landscaping and water management. 
 
LU5 
Ensure built form is appropriate for its use and ensure natural cross ventilation, improved 
internal thermal comfort and reduced reliance on air conditioning. 
 
LU6 
Provide for high quality architectural and design outcomes which respond to topography 
and site characteristics.  
 
LU7 
Residential development in the Mixed Use Zone is to be located: 
a. 
Within 1 kilometre walking distance of Metro stations; or 
b. 
Within 400 metres of a bus stop or a Collector Street; and  
c. 
Within 200 metres of open space. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 25 
Figure 3: Land Use and Structure Plan 
  

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 26 
4.2 Subdivision and Block Structure 
A sustainable walkable precinct structure requires subdivision patterns and block sizes that 
facilitate active transport. The subdivision pattern has to facilitate efficient public and active 
transport routes between destinations. A ‘finer grain’ block pattern is required in areas of high 
pedestrian activity in particular areas close to mass transit hubs, such as centres, and high-density 
employment and mixed-use areas. Larger block patterns are required in the Enterprise and 
Agribusiness Zone to accommodate larger format employment generating and industrial uses.  
Objectives 
 
SUO1 
Integrate natural landscaping and urban development in the subdivision of land to achieve 
high land use efficiency, co-location of uses, required perviousness/ permeability, tree 
canopy and open space areas. 
 
SUO2 
Design lots that respond to the natural topography and existing street pattern of the 
Precinct. 
SUO3 
In the Sydney Science Park residential development is balanced between low density and 
mixed use.  
 
SUO4 
Ensure block sizes facilitate good pedestrian and active transport connectivity. 
Requirements 
 
SU1 
Block structure is designed to enable the delivery of efficient and accessible public 
transport routes. 
 
SU2 
Block structures and the road network are designed to respond to the natural topography 
and the flow of water in the landscape, including measures to appropriately manage 
overland flow and localised flooding of properties. 
 
SU3 
In the Sydney Science Park the combined number of residential dwellings that can be 
dwelling houses, semi-detached dwellings or dual occupancy is limited to 750. Areas where 
these lower density residential uses are permitted are limited to areas outside a 1.2km 
radius of the Luddenham Metro Station as shown in the State Environmental Planning Policy 
(Precincts – Western Parkland City) 2021 Additional Permitted Uses Map – Aerotropolis.   
 
SU4 
Development consent must not be granted to development on a lot at Sydney Science Park 
(as identified in the SEPP) for a purpose shown in Column 1 of the following Table unless the 
area of the lot is as specified opposite in Column 2: 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 27 
Column 1 
Column 2 
Dwelling house 
Equal to or greater than 120 square metres but not 
greater than 450 square metres 
Dual occupancy 
Equal to or greater than 270 square metres but not 
greater than 650 square metres 
Multi dwelling house 
Equal to or greater than 800 square metres 
Residential Flat Building 
Equal to or greater than 800 square metres 
 
Note: Residential Flat Buildings (RFBs) have been added to the above to ensure the controls for the SSP are 
grouped together and expressed consistently with the previous Penrith LEP 2010 controls. Inclusion of RFBs in 
the Precinct Plan residential density table will not change permissibility in Schedule 1 of the Western Parkland 
City SEPP. 
4.3 Aboriginal Culture and Heritage – Recognising Country 
The Aerotropolis encompasses cultural landscapes, historical archaeological remains, and places of 
Aboriginal cultural heritage significance that are a basis for connecting the development of the land 
to Country. Intangible cultural heritage values exist such as stories, knowledge and practices 
associated with the land. The cultural framework is varied, with cultural connections and conflict 
histories. The Precinct Plan embodies design principles that reinforce connections to Country and 
seek to respect and acknowledge the importance of the area to communities including Aboriginal 
peoples. 
Developments and projects are to promote opportunities to connect with, design with and care for 
Country. While there are existing legislative requirements and processes for Aboriginal Heritage 
assessment, other requirements related to ‘Recognising Country' are intended to compliment them 
to embed, enhance and celebrate cultural values and practices within built form and landscape, as 
well as promoting and revitalising Aboriginal Languages. 
Starting with Country and bringing Recognise Country elements to developments and projects will 
explore the opportunity of seeing Country and culture as part of the built environment, creating 
places that will deliver long term sustainability and elevate outcomes based on the world's oldest 
living culture. 
Objectives 
 
RCO1 
Facilitate the conservation of Aboriginal heritage items and areas of cultural heritage 
significance in accordance with the requirements of the National Parks and Wildlife Act 1974. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 28 
 
RCO2 
Protect areas of high cultural sensitivity. 
 
RCO3 
Ensure development is designed to care for and connect to Country. 
Requirements 
 
RC1 
Development applications are to retain access to and connect significant Aboriginal 
heritage and areas of cultural value, conservation corridors and other identified areas of 
significant Aboriginal heritage. 
 
RC2 
Development applications that propose disturbance to the landscape in areas of moderate, 
high or very high Aboriginal sensitivity on Figure 4, or include known Aboriginal cultural or 
archaeological sites, are required to include an assessment of impacts on archaeological 
and or cultural heritage values and significance. Where specific measures are required to 
mitigate or avoid impacts, applications are to include a cultural heritage management plan 
or conservation management plan prior to the issue of a construction certificate.  
 
RC3 
Modified trees (carved or scarred) and grinding grooves are to be protected and preserved 
in situ, and management plans are to be prepared to demonstrate how these items are to be 
retained and protected. 
 
RC4 
Interpretation and story-telling required to inform impact assessments, mitigation measures 
and management plans are to be undertaken in consultation with, and walking on Country 
with, the traditional custodians and Local Aboriginal Land Councils (LALCs). 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 29 
Figure 4: Heritage and Cultural Landscapes 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 30 
4.4 Non-Aboriginal and European Heritage 
Listed State and local heritage items help to embody the prevalent themes around agriculture, 
pastoralism and early 19th century life. The Western Parkland City SEPP includes provisions relating 
to the protection of listed local and state heritage items. These items are also included in the 
Precinct Plan so that the conservation status of items and their context relative to the planned 
outcomes in the Precinct Plan is understood. The objectives and requirements in this section also 
identify areas of potential heritage significance where additional investigations are required when 
development is proposed on the relevant land. 
Objectives  
 
NAO1 
Retain links to the history and cultural significance of the land through appropriate 
conservation and management of heritage items. 
 
NAO2 
Design and develop in the vicinity of heritage items to protect the heritage significance of 
the item and its setting. 
Requirements 
 
NA1 
Existing heritage items and their significant elements are to be retained and managed, 
including implementation of adaptive re-use and land uses which ensure the long term 
conservation viability of heritage items. 
 
NA2 
Position new development, including the design of subdivision and buildings, to maintain 
visual links, context and significance of the heritage item and its setting.  
 
NA3 
Investigate the significance of potential heritage items identified on Figure 4. Where 
investigations identify heritage values, a heritage management plan is to be prepared 
outlining the required measures to conserve these values. 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 31 
4.5 Blue-Green Infrastructure Framework 
The Blue-Green Infrastructure Framework integrates the blue and green systems of the waterways, 
riparian areas, bushland, open spaces, tree canopy and private gardens, and includes stormwater 
and water quality management, public and private recreation opportunities.  
Objectives 
 
BGO1 
To integrate blue and green systems across the Aerotropolis for water quality management, 
biodiversity and recreation.  
Requirements 
 
BG1 
Development is to contribute to the establishment of the blue-green infrastructure 
framework for the Aerotropolis in accordance with Figure 5.  
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 32 
Figure 5: Blue-Green Infrastructure Framework 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 33 
4.5.1 Total water cycle management 
A total water cycle management outcome has been developed in consultation with Sydney Water as 
required by the Western Parkland City SEPP and is documented in the Stormwater and Water Cycle 
Management Study (Sydney Water 2021) and is implemented through this Precinct Plan. The Western 
Parkland City SEPP and Figure 6 below identifies the land required to support a regional stormwater 
network, to be managed by Sydney Water.  
The objective of total water cycle management is to integrate and manage each element of the 
water cycle and design and deliver infrastructure in a way which supports this integration and 
management. For this Precinct Plan, it means a shift towards retaining water in the landscape 
through stormwater harvesting, the movement of water through naturalised water assets and the 
use of recycled water for open space and streetscape irrigation.  
The Wianamatta-South Creek catchment is the most degraded catchment in the Hawkesbury-
Nepean River system due to historical vegetation clearing, agriculture and urbanisation. Increased 
urbanisation will further degrade the waterways if stormwater, wastewater and flooding regimes 
are not managed upfront through an integrated ecosystem approach. This approach requires the 
waterways and hydrological cycle to be central considerations in both land use and water 
infrastructure planning. 
Objectives 
 
BGO1 
Protect, maintain and/or restore waterways, riparian corridors, water bodies and other water 
dependent ecosystems.  
 
BGO2 
Provide a landscape-led approach to integrated stormwater management and water 
sensitive urban design. 
 
BGO3 
Establish a network of multifunctional stormwater assets that support stormwater 
management and contribute to broader objectives for waterway health, biodiversity, urban 
greening and cooling, recreation and amenity. 
Requirements 
 
BG1  
Development applications are to demonstrate how the following performance criteria for 
ambient water quality objectives for waterways and waterbodies are to be met either by: 
a. 
On-lot or on-street measures; or  
b. 
As part of a regional stormwater approach demonstrating that the development will 
connect to the stormwater infrastructure shown on Figure 6. 
Performance Criteria relating to water quality objectives: 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 34 
Description 
Quantity 
*Total Nitrogen (TN, mg/L) 
1.72 
Dissolved Inorganic Nitrogen (DIN, mg/L) 
0.74 
Ammonia (NH3-N, mg/L) 
0.08 
Oxidised Nitrogen (NOx, mg/L) 
0.66 
*Total Phosphorus (TP, mg/L) 
0.14 
Dissolved Inorganic Phosphorus (DIP, mg/L) 
0.04 
Turbidity (NTU) 
50 
Total Suspended Solids (TSS, mg/L) 
37 
Conductivity (µS/cm) 
1103 
pH 
6.20 - 7.60 
Dissolved Oxygen (DO, %SAT) 
43 - 75 
Dissolved Oxygen (DO, mg/L) 
8 
* when showing compliance towards TN and TP through industry models, the DIN and DIP 
performance criteria should be used to recognise that stormwater discharges of nutrients are mostly 
in dissolved form. 
 
BG2  
Development applications are to demonstrate how the following performance criteria 
relating to water flow objectives are to be met either by: 
a. 
On-lot or on-street measures; or 
b. 
As part of a regional stormwater approach demonstrating that the development will 
connect to stormwater infrastructure shown on Figure 6. 
Performance Criteria relating to water quality objectives: 
Description 
1st – 2nd order 
streams 
≥ 3rd order streams 
Median Daily Flow Volume (L/ha/day) 
71.8 ± 22.0 
1095.0 ± 157.3 
Mean Daily Flow Volume (L/ha/day) 
2351.1 ± 604.6 
5542.2 ± 320.9 
High Spell (L/ha/day)  
≥ 90th Percentile Daily Flow Volume 
2048.4 ± 739.2 
10091.7 ± 769.7 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 35 
Description 
1st – 2nd order 
streams 
≥ 3rd order streams 
Freshes (L/ha/day) 
≥ 75th and ≤ 90th Percentile Daily Flow 
Volume 
327.1 to 2048.4 
2642.9 to 10091.7 
Cease to Flow (proportion of time/y) 
0.34 ± 0.05 
0.03 ± 0.01 
Cease to Flow – Duration (days/y) 
39.2 ± 8 
3.9 ± 1.2 
 
BG3 
Where development uses on-lot or on-street measures to achieve the performance criteria 
for ambient water quality and the flow objectives, the development application must 
demonstrate, to the satisfaction of the consent authority, the ability to connect the 
development to regional stormwater infrastructure when it is available.  
 
BG4 
Compliance with the ambient water quality and flow objectives must be consistent with the 
NSW Government Technical guidance for achieving Wianamatta-South Creek stormwater 
management targets (DPIE, 2022). 
 
BG5 
Multifunctional stormwater assets are to be located generally as shown on Figure 6. 
 
BG6 
Multifunctional stormwater assets are to integrate with the Open Space Network to support 
multifunctional open space areas for recreation, urban cooling and water management. 
 
BG7 
The multifunctional detention basins (as shown on Figure 6) are to be designed in 
accordance with the regional stormwater management strategy and recycled water 
network developed by the relevant stormwater authority. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 36 
Figure 6: Total Water Cycle Management 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 37 
4.5.2 Riparian corridors  
The protection, restoration and maintenance of riparian corridors, including waterways and water 
dependent ecosystems is essential in achieving the cultural, social and biodiversity aspirations as 
well as tree canopy targets of the Western Parkland City. 
Objectives 
 
BGO1 
Protect, restore and maintain vegetated riparian zones adjacent to creeks and other water 
bodies in accordance with the Water Management Act and related Guidelines. 
 
BG02 
Manage impacts of development on waterways to achieve and maintain established 
waterway health targets. 
 
BG03 
Enable people to have safe contact with water in the landscape for recreation and access to 
urban cooling. 
Requirements 
 
BG1 
Waterways and riparian corridors of Strahler Order 2 (refer to Figure 5) and higher are to be 
retained and rehabilitated to a natural state (unless minor realignment can be justified), in 
accordance with the requirements of the Guidelines for Riparian Corridors on Waterfront 
Land published by the Department of Primary Industries (Office of Water), or other relevant 
guidelines adopted and in operation at the time.  
 
BG2 
Riparian Streets on Figure 5 are to be adjacent to riparian corridors. The design of Riparian 
Streets is to be integrated with the retention or naturalisation of the adjacent watercourse 
and associated riparian zone in accordance with the requirements of the Guidelines for 
Riparian Corridors on Waterfront Land published by the Department of Primary Industries 
(Office of Water), or other relevant guidelines adopted and in operation at the time. 
 
BG3 
Consistency with DCP indicative cross-sections to guide the design of Riparian Streets and 
associated riparian zones.  
 
BG4 
The outer 50% of the Riparian Zone, as defined by the Guidelines for Riparian Corridors on 
Waterfront Land may contain paths, passive recreation facilities and other amenities subject 
to the appropriate consideration of flood impacts and safety. 
 
BG5 
Where a development application proposes the creation of a Riparian Street in association 
with a riparian corridor in accordance with Requirement BG2, and one or more lots for 
development, the area of land that comprises the riparian corridor is taken to be part of the 
minimum pervious area to be provided as part of the development under the DCP. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 38 
4.5.3 Public domain and canopy cover 
A high quality public domain will contribute to the creation of an attractive city that stimulates and 
supports investment in jobs, infrastructure and the economy of the Western Parkland City. Providing 
canopy cover, landscaping and using water as part of the urban environment will also assist with 
managing climate extremes, in particular urban heat. An integrated network of open space will 
connect places, assist with managing water through naturalised systems, retain and re-establish the 
natural ecology of the Cumberland Plain. This part of the Precinct Plan includes a range of 
mechanisms to encourage the delivery of open space and conservation of heritage and biodiversity 
values in association with development. 
Objectives 
 
BGO1 
Achieve an interconnected and accessible network of open space that meet the 
recreational and amenity needs of residents and workers. 
 
BGO2 
Achieve the targets in the Region Plan of 40% tree canopy cover across the Aerotropolis by 
2036. 
 
BGO3 
Use the green and blue framework to form connected networks of open space. 
 
BGO4 
Provide equitable access to open space for people living or working in the Aerotropolis. 
 
BGO5 
The design of streets and other public places contributes to management of urban heat and 
provides for the comfort and amenity of residents and workers. 
Requirements 
 
BG1 
Open space is to be provided to cater for local, district and regional requirements as shown 
in the Open Space Network at Figure 5. 
 
BG2 
Where development generates demand for open space as a result of resident or worker 
population densities exceeding those for land uses as specified in the WSAP, the 
development application is to include or be accompanied by proposed measures to meet 
that additional demand through: 
a. 
Delivery of additional open space as part of the development; and/or 
b. 
Establishment of appropriate arrangements for payment of monetary contributions to 
the relevant authority for the provision of open space in another suitable location. 
 
BG3 
Tree canopy is to be provided on Sub-arterial Roads and Collector Streets shown on Figure 
8to achieve a minimum of 40% tree canopy cover at maturity, measured as a percentage of 
the area of the road reserve. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 39 
 
BG4 
Park Edge Streets are to be provided generally in accordance with the locations shown on 
Figure 10, and development is to be oriented towards the street and provide for surveillance 
of the public domain. 
 
BG4 
In the Enterprise Zone and Agribusiness Zone an urban park is to be integrated into the 
design of any local centre or neighbourhood centre that contains any combination of retail 
premises, commercial premises or food and drink premises with a total minimum Gross 
Floor Area of 10,000 square metres.  
Urban Parks: 
a. 
are to be a minimum of 5,000 square metres and up to 10,000 square metres, 
b. 
Contribute to achievement of the total pervious area for the development under the 
DCP (where the development application includes subdivision into one or more lots for 
development and/or buildings in addition to the proposed urban park), 
c. 
Are to demonstrate achievement of a minimum 50% tree canopy cover at maturity and 
a minimum of 70% of the area as deep soil or landscaped area, and 
d. 
Are to include landscaping, amenities, active transport provision and furniture to 
facilitate recreational uses. 
 
BG5 
In the Enterprise Zone and Agribusiness Zone, Indicative Open Space has been shown in 
Figure 5. If Indicative Open Space is set aside for the purpose of biodiversity conservation 
or additional open space as part of a development application it: 
a. 
Can contribute to achievement of the total pervious area for the development under the 
DCP (where the development application includes subdivision into one or more lots for 
development and/or buildings in addition to the proposed urban park), 
b. 
Must be subject to any relevant measures relating to the protection of Existing Native 
Vegetation or areas of high biodiversity value (refer to Figure 5), and  
c. 
Is to be subject to management and maintenance arrangements to the satisfaction of 
the consent authority or arrangements to dedicate the land to a public authority. 
 
BG6 
Within the Mixed Use Zone, Indicative Open Space is shown on Figure 5. Where the 
Indicative Open Space is identified as part of a development application that also proposes 
one or more buildings: 
a. 
the site area, for the purposes of calculating Floor Space Ratio under the Requirements 
in section 5.3 of this Precinct Plan is taken to include the area of land proposed to be 
used as open space, despite the maximum Floor Space Ratio applying to the land on 
which the building or buildings are sited under; 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 40 
b. 
The area of land identified for open space is taken to be part of the minimum pervious 
area to be provided as part of the development under the DCP, and 
c. 
Is to be subject to management and maintenance arrangements to the satisfaction of 
the consent authority or arrangements to dedicate the land to a public authority. 
 
BG7 
Where land is partly zoned Mixed Use and partly zoned Environment and Recreation, and a 
maximum Floor Space Ratio is specified for the land zoned Environment and Recreation 
under section 5.3 of this Precinct Plan: 
a. 
The maximum Floor Space Ratio for that portion of the land zoned Mixed Use may be 
exceeded by the maximum Floor Space Ratio that applies to that portion of the land 
zoned Environment and Recreation; and 
b. 
Where the maximum Floor Space Ratio on land zoned Mixed Use is exceeded in 
accordance with sub-clause a) the portion of land that is zoned Environment and 
Recreation is to be maintained as common property under a strata title scheme or 
Community Land under a Community Title Scheme, or dedicated to a public authority. 
This requirement applies to a lot that was in existence prior to the date this Precinct Plan 
first came into effect. 
 
BG8 
Where Gross Floor Area is transferred in accordance with Requirement BG6 or BG7, the 
maximum Height Requirements in section 5.2 of this Precinct Plan may be exceeded: 
a. 
Only to the extent necessary to accommodate the transferred Gross Floor Area and to 
enable compliance with other relevant requirements of this Precinct Plan;  
b. 
Up to a maximum of three storeys or 10 metres, whichever is the greater; and 
c. 
Providing the proposed building does not result in any non-compliance with aviation 
safety and airport operations requirements as set out in the Western Parkland City 
SEPP. 
4.5.4 Biodiversity and vegetation corridors 
Cumberland Plain Woodland is present across the Aerotropolis, which is a Critically Endangered 
Ecological Community under the Biodiversity Conservation Act 2016 (NSW) and Critically Endangered 
under the Environment Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 (Commonwealth).  
Land to the south of Elizabeth Drive in the Badgerys Creek and Wianamatta-South Creek Precincts 
and all the Aerotropolis Core Precinct is subject to precinct planning requirements of the Order to 
confer biodiversity certification on the State Environmental Planning Policy (Sydney Region Growth 
Centres) 2006. The Relevant Biodiversity Measures include a requirement to protect 2,000 hectares 
of Existing Native Vegetation (ENV) in the Growth Centres. 67.31 hectares of ENV Validated land 
needs to be protected within land subject to this Precinct Plan. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 41 
Objectives 
 
BGO1 
Achieve the objectives of, and implement, the Cumberland Plain Conservation Plan. 
 
BGO2 
Achieve the vision of a Western Parkland City and maintain Wianamatta-South Creek 
Corridor as a regionally significant ecological corridor. 
 
BGO3 
Protect areas of high biodiversity value including watercourses and riparian zones, Existing 
Native Vegetation and remnant vegetation and habitat of the Cumberland Plain. 
 
BGO4 
Increase and improve landscape connectivity through conservation and restoration of native 
vegetation to enable plant and animal communities to survive in the long term. 
 
BGO5 
Support long-term viability and ecological connectivity by ensuring development does not 
encroach on protected land and any ecological restoration program selects species that are 
resilient to a changing climate. 
Requirements 
 
BG1 
Existing Native Vegetation and other vegetation under the Cumberland Plain Conservation 
Plan (refer to Figure 7) is to be protected as required by the Western Parkland City SEPP. 
Development applications are to demonstrate, to the satisfaction of the consent authority, 
that measures are in place to protect and provide for the long term management of the 
vegetation to achieve biodiversity conservation outcomes under the Growth Centres 
Biodiversity Certification Order or the Cumberland Plain Conservation Plan as relevant.  
 
BG2 
Recreation facilities, pathways and other infrastructure are not to be located on land 
referred to in Requirement BG1. 
 
BG3 
Revegetation and landscaping are designed and managed to account for future climatic 
conditions and include climate ready species. Resources relating to climate-ready species 
are available at https://www.mq.edu.au/__data/assets/pdf_file/0006/807666/Climate-
Reveg-Guide-v2-2018.pdf 
BG4 
Development applications are to demonstrate: 
a. 
reuse of native plants (including but not limited to seed collection) and top soil from 
development sites that contain known or potential native seed bank. Appropriate uses 
may include, but are not limited to, application in re-vegetation or restoration works and 
landscaping in the precincts,  
b. 
the relocation of native animals from development sites, prior to development 
commencing. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 42 
Figure 7: Protected Existing Native Vegetation and Protected areas under the Cumberland Plain Conservation Plan 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 43 
4.5.5 Scenic and cultural connection 
Objectives 
 
SCO1 
Ridgeline and hilltop vegetation is preserved or reinstated. 
 
SCO2 
Creek lines, ridgelines and hilltops are connected through green streets that create a 
network of tree canopy. 
Requirements 
 
SC1 
Subdivision design is to orient streets to align with ridgelines.  
 
SC2 
Any required onsite provision of open space is to incorporate high points and retain existing 
trees. 
 
SC3 
Creek to creek and creek to ridgeline landscape connections are established through the 
design of public domain elements including streets and open space. Landscape connections 
on Sub-arterial Roads and Collector Streets shown on Figure 10(refer to the Requirements 
in section 4.5.3 ) are to be continuously accessible by the public and active transport is 
prioritised on these connections. 
 
SC4 
Streets are to be designed to follow natural drainage lines and overland flow paths to 
minimise the need for drainage easements or reserves through private land.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 44 
4.6 Movement Framework 
Planning for land uses needs to be balanced against different customer requirements to develop a 
cohesive transport framework, across all modes, that caters for all users. This balance of strategic 
and local travel demands will facilitate sustainable patterns of movement and mobility.  
4.6.1 Transport strategy 
Objectives 
 
MFO1 
Use the Transport Network to move people and goods safely and efficiently and create 
connections between places. 
 
MFO2 
Integrate land and prioritise public transport to support the 30-minute city and meet 
current and future demand. 
 
MFO3 
Create a road network for private vehicles and freight which can provide efficient links and 
integration to the broader regional network while also supporting local accessibility in 
centres and between places.  
 
MFO4 
Provide safe, direct and interconnected pedestrian and cycling links to a variety of 
destinations and transport nodes. 
 
MFO5 
Encourage active transport through cycle and pedestrian network integrated with the road 
network and the Blue-Green Infrastructure Framework. 
 
M06 
The transport network contributes to achievement of the following modal split targets: 
Precinct 
Target mode share 
Active transport 
Public transport 
Private Vehicle 
2026 
Aerotropolis Core 
4%  
20% 
76% 
Northern Gateway 
3%  
16% 
81% 
Agribusiness 
2% 
16% 
82% 
Badgerys Creek 
2% 
18% 
80% 
Aerotropolis wide 
(average) 
3% 
18% 
79% 
2036 
Aerotropolis Core 
6% 
34% 
60% 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 45 
Precinct 
Target mode share 
Active transport 
Public transport 
Private Vehicle 
Northern Gateway  
5% 
31% 
64% 
Agribusiness 
2% 
16% 
82% 
Badgerys Creek 
 
2% 
18% 
80% 
Aerotropolis wide 
(average) 
5% 
30% 
65% 
2056 
Aerotropolis Core 
9% 
52% 
39% 
Northern Gateway 
7% 
43% 
50% 
Agribusiness 
2% 
16% 
82% 
Badgerys Creek 
2% 
18% 
80% 
Aerotropolis wide 
(average) 
7% 
43% 
50% 
Requirements 
 
MF1 
The Transport Network is to be designed generally in accordance with Figure 8.  
 
MF2 
The Transport Network is designed to accommodate bus corridors and the Indicative Local 
Bus Network generally as shown on Figure 8, so that: 
a. 
90% of businesses are within a 400 metre walk of a street that is capable of carrying 
public transport in the Enterprise Zone and Agribusiness Zone. 
b. 
All businesses and residents in the Mixed Use Zone are within a 400 metre walk of a 
street that is capable of carrying public transport or a Metro station. 
 
MF3 
Active transport is integrated with the Blue Green Infrastructure Framework in Figure 5 and 
provided generally in accordance with the Active Transport Network in Figure 9. 
 
 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 46 
Figure 8: Transport Network 
  

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 47 
Figure 9: Active Transport Network 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 48 
4.6.2 Street hierarchy and typology  
The classification of main roads, main streets and local streets considers the Access and Movement 
Framework of the WSAP and the Western Sydney Councils Street Guidelines.  
High order roads, such as priority public transport corridors, motorways, and primary arterial roads 
are to be located as shown on the Transport Network (Figure 8), and will be designed in more detail 
taking into account intersections and utility needs. The alignments of lower order streets are shown 
indicatively, and the alignment of these roads will be subject to more detailed design as part of 
development applications. The requirements below set out matters to be addressed in designing the 
local and collector streets.  
Objectives  
 
SHO1 
Establish a hierarchy of streets that supports the development of the Aerotropolis and 
provides streets for safe and efficient movement of freight and people, and that is 
connected to other parts of Greater Sydney and NSW. 
 
SHO2 
Create streets that are attractive, green, sustainable, safe, functional, adaptable and 
integrated with topography and the natural environment.  
 
SHO3 
Minimise lot severance and maximise the efficiency of the road network to facilitate 
development across multiple properties.  
 
SHO4 
Reflect the varied role of streets in urban environments such as public spaces, places for 
social interaction, service provision, movement connections, water and stormwater 
management, biodiversity and environmental functions. 
 
SHO5 
Design the public transport network to achieve operational integrity and permeability for 
buses, both local and rapid, so that as the needs of the network change, bus routes and bus 
priority can easily adapt. 
Requirements  
 
SH1 
The Road Network within the Transport Network is to be generally consistent with the 
alignment and connections of roads shown in Figures 8-10.  
 
 
Major roads (Sub-arterial and Arterial and Rapid Bus Routes) are to be designed to: 
a. 
Respond to topography; 
b. 
Enable the efficient movement of water, replicating natural flow patterns as closely as 
possible; 
c. 
Intersect with arterial or classified roads at locations and using intersection treatments 
nominated or agreed by the road authority; 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 49 
d. 
Accommodate buses generally consistent with the alignments and connections shown 
in Figure 8; 
e. 
Accommodate separated cycleways generally consistent with the alignment and 
connections of cycleways shown in Figure 9; and  
f. 
Connect with centres and metro stations. 
 
SH2 
Local and Collector streets are to be designed to: 
a. 
Connect to other streets in the hierarchy in a logical sequence, so that Local Streets 
connect to other Local Streets or to Collector Streets;  
b. 
Incorporate priority-controlled intersection treatments; 
c. 
Minimise 4-way intersections and avoid intersections with more than 4 streets; 
d. 
Provide interfaces between urban land and land identified for open space, conservation, 
or stormwater management; 
e. 
Enable land in different ownerships to be developed independently and ensure that 
legal and physical access to properties is maintained at all stages in the development 
process; 
f. 
Convey stormwater within the Total Water Cycle Management network as shown on 
Figure 6; 
g. 
Contribute to tree canopy and the Blue Green Infrastructure Framework shown on 
Figure 5; and 
h. 
Maximise opportunities for the energy efficient design of buildings.  
 
SH3 
The layout and location of Local Streets and Collector Streets on Figure 10 is indicative. 
Where a development application proposes a variation to the Local Street or Collector 
Street, the applicant must demonstrate that in addition to the requirements in SH2, that the 
variation: 
a. 
Achieves a permeable street network; 
b. 
Encourages walking and cycling and minimises travel distances; 
c. 
Maximises connectivity to community facilities, open space and centres; 
d. 
Takes into account topography and the flow of water in the landscape; 
e. 
Will not detrimentally impact on access to adjoining properties or result in isolation of 
properties; and  
f. 
Will not impede the orderly development of adjoining properties.  
 
SH4 
Roads and streets are to be designed in accordance with the Western Sydney Street Design 
Guidelines, except where specific street cross sections are provided in the DCP for streets 
as shown on the street hierarchy map at Figure 10 .  

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 50 
 
SH5 
Roads and streets are aligned to follow property boundaries where possible to reduce lot 
severance. 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 51 
Figure 10: Street Hierarchy 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 52 
4.6.3 Development adjacent to protected transport corridors 
State Environment Planning Policy (Transport and Infrastructure) 2021 (Transport and Infrastructure 
SEPP), protects land for future infrastructure corridors that will be critical in supporting the 
passenger and freight network for a growing Western Sydney. The Western Parkland City SEPP 
identifies and expands on the protected Major Infrastructure Corridors by requiring consideration of 
key components of the transport network in the Aerotropolis. 
Objectives 
 
PCO1 
Ensure development adjacent to protected transport corridors considers the future 
operational impacts of the infrastructure. 
Requirements 
 
PC1 
Development adjacent to corridors identified on the Transport and Infrastructure SEPP and 
the Western Parkland City SEPP is to be designed to orient noise sensitive elements (for 
example habitable rooms) away from the noise source. 
4.7 Sustainability and Resilience 
Objectives 
 
SRO1 
Development is to support the transitioning to a net zero or net positive outcome over the 
medium to long term. This will be measured around performance regarding waste 
management, water management and carbon consumption benchmarks that are provided in 
the DCP or other relevant legislation. 
 
SRO2 
Development should seek to exceed the water and energy requirements of BASIX. 
 
SRO3 
Green infrastructure is effectively used through the provision of water treatment and 
retention, urban cooling, ecosystem services and amenity and integrated into built, 
landscaped and natural environments.  
 
SRO4 
Buildings, infrastructure and public domain elements maximise the recycling and reuse of 
materials. 
 
SRO5 
Facilitate the design, construction and operation of environmentally sustainable buildings 
and precincts, including energy efficiency, renewable energy, efficient resource and energy 
use and reduced emissions and waste. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 53 
 
SRO6 
Effectively uses waste as a resource through its collection, transport and recycling in a 
manner that is safe, efficient, cost effective and does provide a positive impact on liveability 
and the environment. 
 
SRO7 
Measures to mitigate urban heat island effects are integrated in the design of the built form 
and public domain, for example the use of light-coloured roofs. 
 
SR08 
Planning is to provide sustainable and resilient approaches to development and is to 
incorporate circular economic principles found in the NSW Circular Economy Policy 
Statement. 
Requirements 
 
SR1 
Energy, water and waste systems are to use a circular economy approach to improve 
efficiency and result in low-carbon developments. 
 
SR2 
Effectively use renewable energy supply including solar, wind, green hydrogen, and bio-
energy. 
 
SR3 
Plan for, and achieve, leading industry targets by 2025 and from 2026 beyond to achieve 
sustainable regenerative targets: 
Description 
Leading industry practice 
Sustainable regenerative  
Target 2020 and 2025 
Target 2026 and beyond 
BASIX  
BASIX (Energy) – 45-60 
BASIX (Water) - 60 
BASIX (Energy) – 45-60 
BASIX (Water) – 60 
Non-residential uses 
(subject to final 
modelling) 
Green Star Communities – 
5+ stars 
Green Star – 5+ stars 
NatHERS – 7 star 
Green Star Communities – 
6+ stars 
Green Star – 6+ stars 
NatHERS – 8+ star/ Passive 
home 
Circular economy targets 
10% reduction of waste 
generation  
85% reduction in 
construction waste 
100% recovery and re-use of 
organic waste 
90% reduction in 
construction waste 
 
SR4 
Circular economy activities must be located with consideration of:  
a. 
nearby land uses, considering the likely construction and operational impacts of the 
proposed development  

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 54 
b. 
proximity of the proposed development in relation to the Western Sydney Airport, and 
associated risks to airport and aircraft operations (in reference to the proposed 
development’s risk assessment)  
c. 
proximity to land in the Environment and Recreation Zone and impacts on the 
environmental values of that land 
d. 
potential impacts on the amenity and use of open space  
e. 
proximity to major transportation routes, considering safe transportation of extractive 
and waste materials  
 
SR5 
Incorporate accessible Circular Economy Infrastructure into mixed use developments to 
ensure adequate opportunity for people to participate in reuse and recycling schemes. 
 
SR6 
In deciding whether to grant development consent for the purposes of commercial 
premises, industrial premises or residential accommodation, the consent authority must 
consider whether: 
a. 
the façade and roof of the proposed buildings and paved surfaces are designed to 
reduce adverse effects of solar heat on the surrounding land, including open space and 
the public domain, including a requirement for light-coloured roofs, and 
b. 
the awnings and eaves of the building are designed to provide shelter from the sun and 
improve public comfort at street level, and 
c. 
building plant and equipment is designed to minimise the release of heat in the 
direction of open space and the public domain, and 
d. 
the development accommodates tree canopy, pervious surfaces and landscaped areas 
to minimise solar heat absorption and reflection by hard surfaces. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 55 
5 Land Use and Built Form 
5.1 
Hierarchy of Centres 
The Western City District Plan identifies the Aerotropolis as part of a metropolitan cluster which also 
includes Liverpool, Greater Penrith and Campbelltown-Macarthur. The Western City District Plan 
identifies Leppington as a Strategic Centre. 
The Western Sydney Aerotropolis Plan identifies three main centres. The Aerotropolis Core is the 
primary centre of the Aerotropolis and will be the metropolitan centre. The centre within the 
Northern Gateway is zoned mixed use with a focus on innovation, science and technology. The 
Sydney Science Park is proposed to be a ‘specialised centre’ within the Northern gateway.  
Other centres in the Aerotropolis will be ‘local’ centres or neighbourhood business hubs/centres. 
Local centres provide the goods and services for where people live and work, but only a few centres 
in the Aerotropolis will be suitable for residential uses because of aircraft noise and Airport 
operational constraints.  
Objectives 
 
LUO1 
Develop and support a hierarchy of centres to create a 30-minute Western Parkland City 
with metropolitan, specialised, local and neighbourhood centres. 
 
LUO2 
Identify the Aerotropolis Core and the specialised centre in the Northern Gateway as higher 
order centres with social infrastructure and higher employment and residential densities. 
 
LUO3 
Locate Local and Neighbourhood Centres in areas of high amenity linked to public 
transport. 
 
LUO4 
Link all centres to, and prioritise, active and public transport access over private vehicles. 
 
LUO5 
Suitably space local centres to provide sufficient services to enable walkable residential 
and working communities. 
 
LUO6 
Ensure sufficient distance between existing and proposed centres to ensure economic 
viability. 
Requirements 
 
LU1 
The indicative locations of local and neighbourhood centres in the Enterprise Zone and 
Agribusiness Zone are identified in Figure 11. Where a centre is proposed in an alternative 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 56 
location the development application is to demonstrate that the location achieves the role, 
intent, uses, transport connectivity and locational criteria outlined in Table 2 below. 
 
LU2 
Local and Neighbourhood Centres are to be located on or adjacent to bus routes. 
 
LU3 
Local and Neighbourhood Centres are not to be located on arterial roads. 
 
LU4 
Retail and social infrastructure in the Agribusiness and Enterprise Zones is to be 
concentrated in the Local and Neighbourhood Centres. 
 
LU5 
Bulky goods and specialised retail that requires larger floor plates are to be located outside 
of the identified centres. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 57 
Figure 11: Centres Hierarchy 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 58 
Table 2: Description of hierarchy of centres 
Centre type and 
Precinct 
Role and intent 
Typical uses 
Transport 
connectivity 
Critical locational criteria 
Metropolitan 
centre within the 
Aerotropolis 
Core 
Part of the metropolitan 
cluster and includes 
multi- purpose 
development to support 
a diversity of uses 
including a full range of 
community uses. 
 
Commercial office 
development; employment 
hubs; multiple 
supermarkets and 
department stores; higher 
order services; social 
infrastructure, including 
health and education 
services; creative and 
cultural uses; residential 
development that creates 
residential density but 
ensures capacity for 
employment.  
Locates central to 
the Metro train 
station, and 
includes a bus 
interchange. 
Provides high levels 
of public and active 
transport 
accessibility. 
Locates around 
metro/mass transit nodes 
and highly accessible 
areas. 
Part of a mixed use 
precinct and contains a 
regional park. 
Initially focused around 
800m of the Metro to 
Thompsons Creek, and 
over time (in stages) will 
extend east of Thompsons 
Creek as employment and 
residential densities 
increase. 
Specialised 
centre/precinct 
within the 
Northern 
Gateway  
Strategic innovation 
centre focused on an 
employment generator. 
A focal point for public 
transport and 
interchanges. A diverse 
mix of land uses and 
vary in size, with 
commercial, office 
development, and 
innovative employment 
opportunities. 
 
Business, office, 
industrial, employment 
hubs with a specialised 
focus e.g. agribusiness, 
defence, aerospace, 
health and education; 
specialty retail, 
supermarkets and bulky 
goods; social 
infrastructure; Residential 
uses such as shop top 
housing or multiple 
dwellings to support 
employment uses. 
High levels of public 
and active transport 
accessibility and 
connectivity to open 
space 
Provide a specialised land 
use focus, whether health 
and education or 
aerospace and defence as 
an agglomeration of uses, 
supported by other mix of 
uses, including residential 
to create a resident 
population.  
Local centres 
that are located 
in all Precincts 
as identified in 
Figure 11 
Smaller retail centres 
that meet the 
convenience retailing 
needs of the community 
while acting as a local 
gathering place, 
particularly for 
employers/employees. 
Include a mix of uses, 
but do not have to 
include residential uses. 
Provide fine grain urban 
form. Protect and 
expand employment 
opportunities, and 
integrate and support 
creative enterprise. 
Located in areas of high 
amenity to help activate 
parkland corridors and 
link to public transport.  
Retail facilities, specialty 
shops and a supermarket 
or large grocery story; 
personal services; co-
location with social 
infrastructure (community 
facilities and open space); 
smaller scale mix of uses 
supporting industrial, 
office and employment 
uses with a diversity of 
commercial spaces, 
community and public 
places. 
Active transport 
infrastructure that 
supports frequent 
trips to access 
goods and services, 
within and between 
centres. 
High level of 
pedestrian 
accessibility from 
surrounding 
development, 
provision of bus 
access, drop off 
points and car 
parking between 
buildings and the 
street. 
Located approximately 
1.5km apart and adjacent 
to areas of open space. 
Located on a frequent bus 
route. 
Neighbourhood 
centres or 
Provide daily 
convenience goods and 
Some retail floor space 
(not a supermarket, or 
High level of 
pedestrian 
Located adjacent to areas 
of open space. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 59 
5.2 Height 
Objectives 
 
HO1 
To allow building heights that align with the role of each centre, its typology and 
residential/employment density needs. 
 
HO2 
Facilitate height and urban density in the Aerotropolis Core and Northern Gateway around 
the Metro stations. 
Requirements 
 
H1 
The height of buildings is not to exceed the maximum for the land shown on Figure 12. 
 
H2 
In the Mixed Use Zone, ensure development does not adversely impact on the amenity of 
the public domain and adjacent residential areas and that site topography, views and 
landscape character have been considered. 
Note: Notwithstanding maximum building height controls, all buildings and structures, including equipment 
used during construction (such as cranes) are required to be contained within Obstacle Limitation Surface 
(OLS) limits established under the Western Parkland City SEPP. 
 
 
Centre type and 
Precinct 
Role and intent 
Typical uses 
Transport 
connectivity 
Critical locational criteria 
business hubs 
that are located 
in all Precincts 
as identified in 
Figure 11 
range of neighbourhood 
scale services to 
support workers and 
residents. 
significant specialised 
retail); multiple retail 
premises (not just a petrol 
station or one standalone 
store); activity or business 
hub; community facilities. 
Does not include 
residential uses. 
accessibility from 
surrounding 
development, 
provision of bus 
access, drop off 
points. 
Located on a frequent bus 
route. 
Location must consider 
the barrier impacts of 
major roads and different 
sizes. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 60 
Figure 12: Height of Buildings  
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 61 
5.3 Floor Space Ratio  
Floor space ratio (FSR) controls apply to development across the Mixed Use Zone and to Centres 
within the Northern Gateway, Enterprise and Agribusiness zone. They are based on the desired built 
form outcome, employment and population targets, and the need to ensure appropriate bulk, 
massing, articulation and separation of development within the Aerotropolis. 
Objectives 
 
FSO1 
FSR controls are to create an appropriate mix of employment, business, social and 
residential development in the Mixed Use zone, and Local and Neighbourhood Centres 
(refer to Figure 13)  
 
FSO2 
Achieve a density of employment in mixed use areas to ensure residential uses are not the 
predominant use (refer to the Yield and Density Targets established in section 5.4). 
 
FSO3 
Locate higher intensity mixed use employment and residential densities within 800m of the 
Metro station. 
Requirements  
 
FS1 
Buildings are not to exceed the maximum FSR shown on the Floor Space Ratio Map in 
Figure 13. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 62 
Figure 13: Floor Space Ratio  
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 63 
5.4 Yield and Density 
Objectives 
 
YDO1 
Provide a mix of uses in the Mixed Use Zone, which supports employment and residential 
uses, and ensures employment generating development is prioritised while residential 
development occurs in suitable locations. 
 
YDO2 
Development contributes towards achieving the strategic employment density targets of 
the Aerotropolis Plan. 
 
YDO3 
Employment generating development in the Aerotropolis contributes to achieving the 
following indicative employment densities: 
a. 
City Centre: 130 – 400 jobs/ hectare  
b. 
Urban Services: 25 – 35 jobs/ hectare  
c. 
Office Park: 130 – 250 jobs/ hectare 
d. 
Campus Style Business Park: 75 – 130 jobs/ hectare 
e. 
General Industrial: 25 – 30 jobs/ hectare 
f. 
Large Logistics: 18 – 25 jobs/ hectare 
g. 
Education/ Community: 30 – 50 jobs/ hectare 
Requirements 
 
YD1 
Residential development is to be primarily located in those parts of the Mixed Use Zone 
identified on the Land Use Plan at Figure 3 as Mixed Use Residential.  
 
YD2 
Development applications in the Mixed Use Zone are to demonstrate how they will 
contribute to achieving the employment densities in YDO3. 
5.5 Temporary land uses 
The evolution of land uses and development will occur as the Airport matures, development occurs 
and precincts become more attractive to new workers, businesses and residents. 
Objectives 
 
LUO1 
Allow flexibility for development and land uses to evolve as precincts mature and the 
Airport consolidates within the Aerotropolis. 
Requirements 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 64 
 
LU1 
Development that is inconsistent with this Precinct Plan is permitted where required to 
enable temporary or short term uses on land, where it can be demonstrated that the 
intended use under the Precinct Plan can be achieved in the future.  
 
LU2 
The consent authority may, by condition of consent, impose a sunset date on temporary and 
short term uses, to ensure that the intended use under the Precinct Plan can be achieved in 
the future. The sunset date must not extend beyond 2036, or 10 years from the date of 
development consent, whichever is the later. 
 
LU3 
Industrial development should provide a plan of management to demonstrate the 
management of land use conflicts with adjacent uses during the transitional period.  
5.6 Design Excellence 
One of the objectives of the Western Parkland City SEPP is to deliver the highest standard of 
architectural, urban and landscape design in the Aerotropolis. This is achieved in part by requiring 
an architectural design competition to be carried out in certain circumstances. This section of the 
Precinct Plan compliments the Western Parkland City SEPP by providing guidance on how 
architectural design competitions should be carried out.  
Objectives 
 
DEO1  
Provide guidance to applicants and consent authorities on the carrying out of architectural 
design competitions.  
Requirements 
 
DE1 
An architectural design competition is to be undertaken generally in accordance with the 
NSW Government Architect’s Draft Design Excellence Competition Guidelines (2018) (the 
Guidelines), or the relevant guidelines published at the time.  
 
DE2 
Where a design competition is required by the Western Parkland City SEPP: 
a. 
A concept development application made under Part 4 Division 4.4 of the EP&A Act 
must be accompanied by a Design Excellence Strategy. 
b. 
For any development application that is not a concept development application the 
consent authority must approve a Design Excellence Strategy prior to the lodgement of 
a development application. 
 
DE3 
A Design Excellence Strategy must define: 
a. 
the location, context and extent of the design competition site(s); 
b. 
the objectives of the design competition(s); 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 65 
c. 
where there will be multiple development applications for separate buildings following 
approval of a concept development application, the number of design competitions to 
be undertaken; 
d. 
the type of design competition(s) to be undertaken; 
e. 
an explanation for the selection of competition type, including how the selected 
process(es) will meet the objectives of the Guidelines and those of the proponent; 
f. 
the number of designers involved in the process(es); 
g. 
the means for ensuring diversity amongst participating designers; 
h. 
timelines and programme; 
i. 
where the proposed process differs from that outlined in the Guidelines, a justification 
for the variation. 
 
DE4 
Exemptions to the requirement for a design competition under the Western Parkland City 
SEPP requires specific consideration of impacts on view corridors, the relationship of 
development to major roads and visual prominence and are unlikely to be granted in those 
areas shown on Figure 14. 
 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 66 
Figure 14: Design Competitions 
 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 67 
6 Glossary 
Term 
Definition 
1:100 flood 
A flood that has a 1% chance of occurring in any given year within a 100-
year cycle. 
30-minute city 
A 30-minute city is where most people can travel to their nearest 
metropolitan centre or cluster by public transport within 30 minutes; 
and where everyone can travel to their nearest strategic centre by 
public transport seven days a week to access jobs, shops and services. 
This is a key objective of A Metropolis of Three Cities 
Aerospace 
The branch of technology and industry concerned with the research, 
design, manufacture, operation and maintenance of aircraft, space 
craft, and their components and supporting services. 
Aerotropolis 
A metropolitan area where infrastructure, land uses and economy are 
centred on an airport and includes the outlying corridors, and aviation 
orientated business and residential development that benefit from each 
other and their accessibility to the airport. 
Aerotropolis Core 
This is the city, proposed to be named Bradfield, at the core of the 
Aerotropolis activity associated with the Western Sydney Airport. The 
combination of uses, activities, development and places are reliant on 
and complementary to the operation of a global airport. 
Agribusiness 
Businesses associated with the production, processing, marketing and 
distribution of agricultural products, especially at a large and 
integrated scale. 
Agriculture 
Generally associated with traditional primary production. It includes the 
cultivation of land for the growing of crops and breeding of animals. 
Agriport 
A high-tech food production facility that enables industry collaboration 
at scale to intensively and sustainably produce fresh value-added high-
quality produce and pre-prepared food. 
Amenity 
The ‘liveability’ of a place that makes it pleasant and agreeable for 
individuals and the community. Amenity includes, but is not limited to, 
the enjoyment of sunlight, views, privacy and quiet. 
Articulation 
The architectural treatment of the exterior of a building using the 
different building elements that make up that part of the building. It 
involves how the building's exterior surfaces, edges, corners and 
materials unite to give the building its form. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 68 
Term 
Definition 
Biodiversity 
 Biodiversity means plants and animals and the ecosystems in which 
they live. 
Blue-Green Grid 
A network of high-quality green areas and waterways, from regional 
natural assets to local natural assets, that connect to centres, public 
transport and public spaces. 
Blue–Green 
Infrastructure 
Framework 
Blue-green infrastructure is the interconnected network of natural and 
semi-natural landscape elements. For example, blue includes water 
bodies, creeks and dams. Green includes trees, parks and native 
vegetation. 
Business 
incubator 
A company that helps new and start-up companies to develop by 
providing services such as management training or office space. 
Circular economy 
A whole-of-system approach that accounts for the full cost and 
lifecycle of materials and retains the value of materials in the economy 
for as long as possible, reducing the unsustainable depletion of natural 
resources and impacts on the environment.  
Circular economy 
activities 
Any activity associated with the operation of Circular Economy 
infrastructure. Circular economy activities includes the way we produce, 
assemble, sell and use products to minimise waste, and to reduce our 
environmental impact and encompass the use of materials produced 
from Circular Economy Infrastructure, including recovered materials, 
repaired goods, leased products etc. 
Circular Economy 
Infrastructure  
Circular Economy infrastructure can encompass facilities that store, 
transfer, sort, reprocess or repurpose materials and goods to retain 
their productive value and prevent their disposal to landfill. Examples of 
circular economy infrastructure includes reuse and repair facilities, 
sharing and leasing facilities, reverse vending machines, community 
recycling centres, collection points for producer responsibility schemes, 
water reuse schemes, material bulking, sorting, storing facilities, 
material reprocessing and remanufacturing, washing or pelletising 
facilities, reverse logistics facilities, energy from waste (thermal), 
anaerobic digestion and chemical treatment of waste etc. 
Circular Economy infrastructure also includes the waste and resource 
recovery facilities as defined in the Standard Instrument such as 
resource recovery facilities, transfer stations, compost facilities, waste 
disposal facility. 
Climate change 
A change of climate attributed directly or indirectly to human activity 
that alters the composition of the global atmosphere in addition to 
natural climate variability. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 69 
Term 
Definition 
Commercial 
centre – mixed 
use 
Mixed use environment focused on employment generating land uses, 
leveraging off metro/mass transit. Residential land uses provide density 
but do not undermine employment capacity. 
Country 
For Aboriginal people, Country relates not only to the cultural group 
and land to which they belong, it is also their place of origin in cultural, 
spiritual and literal terms. Country includes not only the land but also 
waters and skies, and incorporates the tangible and intangible, 
knowledge and cultural practices, identity and reciprocal relationships, 
belonging and wellbeing. 
Consent Authority 
The same meaning as in Section 4.5 of the Environmental Planning and 
Assessment Act 1979. 
Conservation 
(heritage) 
Includes all the processes of looking after a place to retain its cultural 
significance. This includes preservation, protection, maintenance, 
restoration, reconstruction and adaptation. 
Conservation 
(vegetation 
management) 
All the processes and actions of looking after a place to retain its 
natural significance and includes protection, maintenance and 
monitoring. Conservation may also include regeneration, restoration, 
enhancement, reinstatement, preservation or modification, or a 
combination of more than one of these. Conservation includes 
conserving natural processes of change (as opposed to artificially 
accelerated changes). 
Cumberland Plain 
The Cumberland Plain is a relatively flat, broad geographic basin 
located within the Cumberland IBRA subregion, identified by dominant 
older shale and younger alluvial geology. 
Cumberland Plain 
Conservation Plan 
(CPCP) 
 The Cumberland Plain Conservation Plan will enhance a network of 
green spaces, natural and semi-natural systems in Western Sydney. 
One of the important species protected by the Cumberland Plain 
Conservation Plan is the Cumberland Plain Woodland. Cumberland Plain 
Woodland is a critically endangered ecological community found only in 
the Sydney Basin. It comprises of an open tree canopy, a layer of shrubs 
and ground cover and is considered functional at low integrity levels. 
Less than 10% of pre-European settlement levels of the community 
remain, with most patches of remnant vegetation existing in isolation 
and alongside other land uses. The Cumberland Plain Conservation Plan 
will address impacts on biodiversity from urban growth through a 
conservation program that includes commitments and actions designed 
to improve ecological resilience and function over the long term. The 
Cumberland Plain Conservation Plan will enable land to be certified for 
development and areas avoided from development conserved. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 70 
Term 
Definition 
Defense 
The branch of industry concerned with the research, design, 
manufacture, operation and maintenance of military equipment, 
supplies and services. 
Department of 
Planning, Housing 
and Infrastructure 
(DPHI)  
Within the Aerotropolis, the Department of Planning, Housing and 
Infrastructure is responsible for the integration and efficient delivery 
across key areas such as long-term planning, precincts, infrastructure 
priorities, open space, and the environment.  
Design 
excellence 
The highest level of architectural, urban and landscape design. Design 
excellence processes can include review panels, competitive design 
competitions. All processes require a form of design excellence 
assessment. 
Development 
As per the EP&A Act, development includes any of the following: the 
use of land; the subdivision of land; the erection of a building; the 
carrying out of a work; the demolition of a building or work; or any other 
act, matter or thing that may be controlled by an environmental 
planning instrument. 
Development 
application  
An application for consent under Part 4 of the EP&A Act to carry out 
development (not including an application for complying development) 
such as change of use of land, subdivide land, or building, landscaping 
and other work. 
Development 
Control Plan 
(DCP) 
Provides detailed planning and design guidelines to guide the 
assessment of a development proposal within the Aerotropolis to 
ensure that development is consistent with the objectives for the 
Aerotropolis as outlined in the Western Sydney Aerotropolis Plan.  
Environmental 
Planning and 
Assessment Act 
1979 (EP&A Act) 
The primary planning legislation in NSW and governs matters such as, 
strategic planning, plan making, development application and 
assessment, and building certification. A copy of the EP&A Act can be 
viewed https://legislation.nsw.gov.au/view/html/inforce/current/act-
1979-203. 
Environmental 
planning 
instrument 
An environmental planning instrument (including a state environmental 
planning policy or local environmental plan but not including a 
Development Control Plan) made, or taken to have been made, under 
Part 3 of the EP&A Act and is in force. 
Greater Sydney 
The local government areas within the boundary shown on the map in 
the Greater Sydney Region Plan . 
Indicative local / 
neighbourhood 
centre 
Provides goods and services to support the daily needs of local 
residents and workers. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 71 
Term 
Definition 
Irrigation 
The supply of water to land or crops to help growth, typically by means 
of channels.  
Local 
Environmental 
Plan 
Defined in the EP&A Act. Guides planning decisions in local government 
areas 
through zoning and development controls. 
Local Centre 
Smaller-scale places that vary from a few shops on a corner to a vibrant 
main street and generally serve a local population. 
Mixed-use 
residential  
Mixed use environment focused on establishing predominantly 
residential neighbourhoods in proximity to metro/mass transit nodes 
and accessible areas. 
Multi-functional 
stormwater 
assets 
Stormwater infrastructure that has been designed to enhance cultural, 
ecological and recreational values as well as achieving established 
stormwater flow and quality objectives and may include: 
 
Wetlands for stormwater capture and treatment including GPTs, 
bioretention, constructed wetland, storage pond and ancillary 
infrastructure such as access tracks, pipes, pits, pumps and 
landscaping; 
 
Storage ponds comprising peak flow detention, including online 
detention located on creek lines as well as ancillary infrastructure 
as described above; and  
 
Trunk drainage comprising naturalised drainage channels 
including rehabilitated creeks and waterways, riparian streets and 
can include ancillary infrastructure/embellishment such as 
pedestrian pathways/cycleways, seating, lighting and signage. 
NSW Circular 
Economy Policy 
Statement 
A Statement by the NSW Government that will help guide decision 
making to support the transition to a circular economy. 
Obstacle 
Limitation 
Surface (OLS) 
This defines the height limits of buildings or objects within the airspace 
that approaches the runway. 
Open space  
Land identified for acquisition for public uses such as, sports fields, 
parks, gardens, 
areas for passive recreation, play and unstructured activity. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 72 
Term 
Definition 
Open Space 
Network 
Land that has been identified for open space including sports fields, 
parks, gardens, areas for passive recreation, play and unstructured 
activity, as well as stormwater drainage functions and water quality, 
creeks and immediate areas adjoining creeks, City Centre and Regional 
Parkland as well as bushland and environmental conservation. All land 
identified within the Open Space Network will be acquired. 
Outer Sydney 
Orbital 
The Outer Sydney Orbital is a proposed corridor for a motorway and 
freight rail line in Western Sydney, connecting Box Hill in the north to 
the Hume Motorway near Menangle in the south. 
Private open 
space 
An area external to a building (including an area of land, terrace, 
balcony or deck) that is used for private outdoor purposes ancillary to 
the use of the building.  
Public domain 
Any publicly or privately-owned space that can be accessed and used 
by the public and/or is publicly visible.  
Public utility 
infrastructure 
Infrastructure for any of the following: 
 
the supply of water 
 
the supply of electricity 
 
the supply of hydraulic power 
 
the supply of gas 
 
the disposal and management of sewage or drainage services. 
Resilience 
The ability of a system, community or society that is exposed to hazards 
to resist, absorb, accommodate and recover from the effects of a 
hazard in a timely and efficient manner, including through the 
preservation and restoration of its essential basic structures and 
functions. 
Riparian corridor 
The channel which comprises the bed and banks of a watercourse (to 
the highest bank) and the vegetated riparian zone adjoining the channel. 
Specialised 
centre – mixed 
use 
Mixed use environment focused on strategic innovation or specialised 
employment within an accessible area. Non-employment densities 
support population and critical mass but does not undermine capacity 
for strategic innovation or specialised employment. 
State 
Environmental 
Planning Policy 
(SEPP) 
Environmental planning instruments that address planning issues of 
State significance. 

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 73 
Term 
Definition 
State 
Environmental 
Planning Policy 
(Precincts – 
Western Parkland 
City) 2021 
The Western Parkland City SEPP that applies to land in the Western 
Sydney Aerotropolis (Chapter 4). It aims to facilitate development in the 
Aerotropolis in accordance with the objectives and principles of the 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Plan, and to ensure development is 
compatible with the long-term growth, development and operation of 
the Western Sydney Airport. 
State 
Environmental 
Planning Policy 
(Sydney Region 
Growth Centres) 
2006 
The former environmental planning instrument that sets controls for 
both the North West and South West growth areas of Sydney. 
State 
Environmental 
Planning Policy 
(Western Sydney 
Aerotropolis) 2020 
(Aerotropolis 
SEPP) 
The former Aerotropolis SEPP prior to the SEPP Consolidation on 1 
March 2022. 
STEM (science, 
technology, 
engineering and 
mathematics) 
An approach to learning and development that integrates the areas of 
science, technology, engineering and mathematics. 
Strategic Centre 
Characterised by a high proportion of knowledge- intensive jobs, 
existing or proposed major transport gateways and increased economic 
activity. 
Streetscape 
The character of a street and its close surrounds defined by the spatial 
arrangement and visual appearance of built and landscape features 
when viewed from the street.  
Sydney Metro – 
Western Sydney 
Airport 
A new 23km railway line that will link St Marys through to the new 
Western Sydney Airport and Aerotropolis and will have six new Metro 
stations: 
 
St Marys 
 
Orchard Hills 
 
Luddenham 
 
Airport site (two stations) 
 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis 
Sydney Science 
Park 
The area of land within the Northern Gateway Precinct as identified by 
the Aerotropolis SEPP.  

 
Western Sydney Aerotropolis Precinct Plan | 74 
Term 
Definition 
Urban heat island 
effect 
An agglomeration of hard and dark-coloured surfaces which cause 
excessive localised warming. 
Waterway 
The whole or any part of a watercourse, wetland, waterbody (artificial) 
or waterbody (natural). 
Western Parkland 
City 
Western Parkland City is defined by the Greater Sydney Region Plan 
and includes the existing city centres of Liverpool, Campbelltown and 
Penrith, and the new Western Sydney Airport and surrounding 
Aerotropolis. 
Western Sydney 
Aerotropolis 
Encompasses 11,200 hectares of land roughly bounded by the 
Warragamba pipeline to the north, Kemps Creek to the east, Bringelly 
Road to the south and the future Outer Sydney Orbital Road to the 
west. 
Western Sydney 
Aerotropolis Plan  
A strategic plan that provides the vision, principles and planning 
framework for the Western Sydney Aerotropolis. 
Western Sydney 
Airport (WSA) 
Corporation 
Limited 
WSA Co Limited (WSA) was established by the Australian Government 
to develop and operate Western Sydney International (Nancy-Bird 
Walton) Airport (the Western Sydney Airport) at Badgerys Creek. WSA 
was established in August 2017. 
Western Sydney 
Councils Street 
Guidelines  
Guidelines to deliver liveable and effective pedestrian spaces and 
thoroughfares in the Western Parkland City through appropriately 
designed street-types and street components. 
Wianamatta-
South Creek 
Catchment 
Includes most of the Cumberland Plain of Western Sydney and is a 
defining central element of the Western Parkland City and the 
Aerotropolis. 
Wianamatta-
South Creek 
corridor 
The Creek and its tributaries that form the central element of the 
Western Parkland City, recognising the role of water in supporting 
healthy, liveable and sustainable communities.  
 
