Western Sydney International’s cargo precinct opens for business - Air Cargo News
Home
Facebook
𝕏
Twitter
LinkedIn
Contact us
Advertise
Menu
Home
News
Airlines
Freighter Operators
Cargo Airport
Freight Forwarder
Supply Chains
Data
People
Sustainability
E-Commerce Logistics
Ground Handler
Technology
Pharma Logistics
Charter Company
GSSA
Freighter Conversions/MRO
Business
Insights
Interviews
IATA WCS
Data hub
Top airfreight forwarders, airlines, airports
Company results
Industry data
Digital Editions
Awards
Events
Advertise
search
search
searchclose
Cargo Airport
Western Sydney International’s cargo precinct opens for business
By
Rebecca Jeffrey
|
27 July 2026
Image: ©
Western Sydney International Airport
The 24-hour cargo precinct at the new Western Sydney International Airport (WSI) is now officially open for business with its inaugural commercial freight flights having taken off today.
Stage one of the precinct will be able to cater for eight 747/777 freighters or 16 737/A320 domestic freighters, simultaneously.
Qantas Freight, Menzies Aviation, dnata Cargo, dnata Catering & Retail, and Texel Air have signed up to use the precinct, which will eventually have capacity to service up to 1.8m tonnes of air cargo annually.
The cargo hub and the capacity and handling abilities it provide marks a major milestone for Australia’s producers, manufacturer and
supply chains, stressed WSI.
Chief executive Simon Hickey said:
“Air freight underpins many of NSW’s highest-value industries including fresh meat and seafood, pharmaceuticals, agricultural exports, electronics, advanced manufacturing and more.
“These industries rely on rapid international connections that can only be serviced by air freight, with our 24-hour
Cargo Precinct initially capable of
moving about a quarter of a million tonnes of freight per year, which is a massive boost to
Sydney
’s overall air cargo capacity.
“This means that a fish caught in Forster can be served fresh at a restaurant in Singapore the next day, or that patients in the Pacific will benefit from access to critical but perishable medicines,
while consumers across
Sydney
will also receive their coveted e-commerce packages more swiftly.
“At the same time, our Cargo Precinct and the broader logistics and supply chain industries will create
thousands of great new job
opportunities for Western
Sydney
workers, closer to their homes and families.”
WSI is Australia’s first major international greenfield airport in more than 50 years. The airport carried out
trial flights earlier in July to test the new precinct ahead of its formal opening.
Qantas became one of the first cargo airlines to fly from the hub when one of the airline’s freighters departed from the airport on the evening of 27 July.
Qantas chief executive of international
and freight Cam Wallace said:
“It’s a historic day for aviation in Australia as our first freight services take off from Western
Sydney
International Airport. This new terminal will help us meet growing demand for next-day deliveries and move express cargo across Australia and the world.
“Western
Sydney
International is a major piece of infrastructure for this country and we’re proud to be opening our new freight terminal, which comes ahead of Jetstar’s first passenger
services in October and Qantas to follow early next year.”
In April, cargo handler
dnata announced it would invest A$32m
in a dedicated cargo facility at the cargo precinct.
Burt Sigsworth, managing director,
dnata airport operations Australia, said:
“Strong air cargo infrastructure is critical to connecting Australian businesses with global markets, and Western
Sydney
International Airport is set to play an important role in shaping that future.
“Our new cargo facility has been designed to provide the capacity, flexibility and operational expertise needed to meet the evolving needs of customers and supply chains.
“We are excited to contribute to the development of a world-class cargo hub that will strengthen connectivity, facilitate
trade and create new opportunities for businesses across the region and beyond.”
Texel Air Australasia also recently
signed up to operate
its air cargo charter services from the hub.
Texel Air, founder and chairman John Chisolm said:
“For Texel Air, one of the most exciting aspects of Western
Sydney
International is the freedom that comes with genuine 24-hour operations.
“The ability to operate without curfew restrictions creates opportunities that simply do not exist elsewhere in the
Sydney
market.
“In our business, time is often the most valuable commodity. Whether it’s express freight, perishable products, live cargo or time-critical charter operations, customers need flexibility and certainty.
“A 24-hour cargo airport allows freight to move when it is ready, not when an airport’s operating window permits. That means more efficient supply chains, greater reliability and ultimately a better outcome for Australian businesses and consumers.”
Menzies Aviation’s executive vice president of cargo Beau Paine said:
“
Menzies Aviation provides air cargo and ground services at 15 airports across Australia, and we are proud to be partnering with WSI to help establish the airport as a major gateway.
“Our new cargo facility has direct airside access, multiple freighter bays, and the capability to handle pharmaceuticals, perishables, e-commerce shipments, and heavy freight.
“Our aim is to strengthen the supply chain and accelerate the movement of goods through MACH, our next-generation cargo management platform, MILE, our e-commerce solution, and a new trucking network connecting our
Sydney
cargo facilities.”
The first commercial passenger flight is scheduled to take off from WSI on 25 October.
Freighter trial flights take place at soon-to-open Western Sydney
Western Sydney cargo precinct set to open next month
Tags:
Western Sydney International Airport
E-mail
Facebook
𝕏
Twitter
LinkedIn
WhatsApp
Author: Rebecca Jeffrey
Rebecca joined Air Cargo News in 2021 as deputy editor. She previously worked as a reporter for a group of maritime magazines, heading up news for Port Strategy. Prior to this, she was editor for the former Recruitment International.
E-mail
URL
Related posts
CARGO AIRPORT
Drone carrying explosives found at Leipzig while DHL aircraft collides with unknown object
A drone carrying explosives was last night discovered within the cargo area of Leipzig Airport, while a DHL freighter was later hit by an “unknown object” after taking off from the airport.
5 August 2026
Cargo Airport
Gatwick Airport’s second runway challenge dismissed in court
Gatwick Airport in the UK has been given the all-clear to develop and operate a second runway full time after a legal challenge to the expansion project was dismissed.
4 August 2026
CARGO HANDLERS
SAL expands internationally with Aviapartner Liege acquisition
Saudi Arabia-based cargo handler SAL Logistics Services has expanded internationally for the first time with the acquisition of Aviapartner Liege.
3 August 2026
Cargo Airport
Maastricht Aachen adopts AI-powered exoskeleton for cargo handling
Dutch cargo gateway Maastricht Aachen Airport has become the first airport in the country to see its handlers use an AI-powered exoskeleton in their everyday cargo handling operations.
28 July 2026
NEWSLETTER SIGN UP
Sign up for our free newsletters:
Email adress
I accept the
privacy policy
Subscribe
Top posts
Most read
Works starts on new Chicago Rockford logistics facility
Volume growth at Liege in H1 but EU e-commerce charge set for negative impact
Western Sydney International's cargo precinct opens for business
East Midlands Airport volumes up as more cargo flights expected
Changi grows Q2 air cargo volumes by nearly 10%
Sponsored content
Sponsored: Westwell Rebuilds Air Cargo Operations Through AI-Native Logistics
As global air cargo hubs face mounting pressure from e-commerce growth, labour shortages,...
Sponsored: Eltete’s AirCargoRunners deliver savings for Finnair Cargo
Eltete TPM’s fibre-based AirCargoRunners are now in use with Finnair Cargo, demonstrating how...
Sponsored: TAP Secure Track – Your cargo in safe hands
TAP Air Cargo’s new solution allows customers to monitor their shipments in real...
Air Cargo News is the leading provider of news, information, interviews, analyses and reports to the global airfreight industry.
ProMedia Group UK ltd
Chancery House
Sutton SM1 1JB
Home
Advertise
Privacy Policy
About us
Contact us
Terms & Conditions
© 2026 AirCargoNews.net