Press Releases, Media Centre - Hong Kong International Airport
Skip to Primary navigation
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Close Important Notice
Important Notice
The latest regulations of ICAO and CAD  - Lithium battery power banks carried by passengers
2026-03-30 18:30:00
Open Menu
Important Notice
Open Search bar
Close search bar
Search the website
Close Menu
Passengers
About Us
current weather in Hong Kong: Mainly Fine
current temperature in Hong Kong:
33
°C
Time:
HKT
22:53
Important Notice
HKIA Facebook page
HKIA Instagram account
EN
EN
繁
简
A
A
A+
A++
View Bookmarked Flights
Close Bookmark
Track Your Flights (max 5 flights)
No Bookmarked Flight
The Airport
The Airport
Overview
Our History
Airport City
Air Cargo
Aviation Logistics Services
Aviation Academy
Labour Importation Scheme for the Aviation Industry
HK Airport News
Read the latest news about HKIA.
Airport Authority
Airport Authority
Vision & Mission
Board & Management
HKIA Services Holdings Ltd
Tender & Notices
Procurement Principles & Process
Filming at the Airport
Publications
Space for Lease
Annual Report 2025/26
Keep abreast with HKIA's latest developments.
Careers
Careers
Introduction
Meet Our People
Programmes
Job Opportunities
Job opportunities at HKIA
Pursue your aviation dream by joining us today.
Sustainability
Sustainability
Overview
Environment
Policies
Sustainable Finance
ESG Ratings and Recognitions
Sustainability Reports
Greenest Airport Updates
HKIA Environmental E-newsletter
Sustainability Report 2024/25
Discover how we are building a sustainable future.
Community
Community
Engagement
Community Investment
EXTRA MILE
Learn about HKIA’s community investment project.
Media Centre
Media Centre
Press Releases
News Stories
Gallery
Media Enquiries
HKIA Blog
Check out the stories shared by our airport community members.
current weather in Hong Kong: Mainly Fine
current temperature in Hong Kong:
33
°C
HKT
22:53
Media Centre
Search the website
Home
/
About Us
/
Media Centre
/
Press Releases
/
Developing Airport City into World-leading New Landmark with Expanded Blueprint
Press Releases
News Stories
Gallery
Media Enquiries
Back
Developing Airport City into World-leading New Landmark with Expanded Blueprint
2024/10/24
Previous
Pedestrian walkways and leisure facilities along the Airport Tung Chung Link.
AAHK will expand the Airport City development blueprint.
AAHK will expand the Airport City development blueprint.
AsiaWorld-Expo Phase 2 will include a multi-purpose indoor arena with a seating capacity
of over 20,000 people.
Airportcity Link, with a pedestrian walkway, will connect the Hong Kong Port of HZMB
and 11SKIES.
Pedestrian walkways and leisure facilities along the Airport Tung Chung Link.
AAHK will expand the Airport City development blueprint.
Next
1
2
3
4
5
(Hong Kong, 24 October 2024, 1900hrs) – The Airport City at Hong Kong International Airport (HKIA) is developing into a new, world-leading landmark, the largest in the region, that integrates commercial activities, popular culture, art trading, entertainment and leisure under an expanded development blueprint spearheaded by Airport Authority Hong Kong (AAHK), with the aim of driving further economic development of Hong Kong and the Greater Bay Area.
First unveiled in 2019, the Airport City blueprint combines the airport’s core functions with related business segments to create strong synergy, fully leveraging the airport's unique geographical location with a view to seizing the opportunities brought by various new infrastructures. AAHK has since proactively taken forward various projects, including a new hotel and three Grade-A office towers, both opened for business already, as well as 11 SKIES, a complex integrating retail, dining and entertainment facilities scheduled to open in phases from the second half of 2025.
New projects include an ecosystem for the art industry, AsiaWorld-Expo Phase 2 development, a marina with ancillary facilities, a fresh food market, and more. These new projects will promote high-end commercial, tourism and leisure activities, and are expected to be completed from 2026 to 2031.
Ecosystem of
a
rt
i
ndustry
To complement Hong Kong’s position as a leading international art hub, AAHK is formulating plans to create an art ecosystem at HKIA. It will be Hong Kong’s first one-stop project that puts art creation, appreciation and trade under one roof, with an art community that comprises galleries and studios. There will be a purpose-built large-scale storage facility bespoke for artwork, the first of its kind in Hong Kong. These art-related facilities will generate synergy with art exhibitions at AsiaWorld-Expo, propelling Hong Kong’s development into a world-class art marketplace.
AsiaWorld-Expo Phase 2
AAHK is taking forward the Phase 2 development of AsiaWorld-Expo, which will include Hong Kong’s largest multi-purpose indoor arena with a seating capacity of over 20,000 people, and more convention and exhibition facilities. This will pave way for even more world-class entertainment events and international commercial and trade activities to be hosted in Hong Kong, attracting visitors from the Greater Bay Area and all over the world to experience the unique international cultural vibrancy in Hong Kong.
Marina and ancillary facilities
AAHK will fully utilise the water resources adjacent to the airport island to introduce Hong Kong’s biggest marina and ancillary facilities, providing around 600 berths. This will enable the Airport City to become an unparalleled yacht tourism destination in Asia, especially in the Greater Bay Area. In addition, a diverse range of water leisure and recreation facilities will be developed.
Providing more public spaces
Different kinds of indoor and outdoor leisure, cultural, and entertainment facilities will be developed along the coastlines of the airport island and the Hong Kong Port Island, with hotel development and promenades of distinct characteristics. Public spaces will be interconnected for various kinds of festive celebrations that draw visitors.
AAHK is also making plans for a brand-new sportainment complex on the Hong Kong Port Island that will combine novel indoor and outdoor sports concepts for adventure, exploration, sports and entertainment. It will be positioned as a must-go destination for the public and visitors to enjoy sports and trendy activities.
Jet Fresh Market with characteristics
HKIA leads the world in air cargo, with supplies of fresh and high-end food products from around the globe. To fully leverage our strengths, AAHK is planning to develop a “Jet Fresh Market” on the Hong Kong Port Island to consolidate Hong Kong’s position as the hub of high-end fresh foods from around the world. The market will offer an unrivalled vantage point for viewing aircraft movements, providing a one-of-a-kind gastronomy experience for tourists.
Fred Lam, Chairman of AAHK, said, “HKIA is a leading international aviation hub in Asia. With the three-runway system fully operating by the end of this year, we are in a position to press full steam ahead with innovative projects in different market segments. The expansion of the development blueprint will focus on leveraging Hong Kong’s unique advantages and creating synergy among various projects to transform the Airport City into a new landmark of Asia. It will be a distinct tourist hotspot for visitors from Hong Kong, the Greater Bay Area and all over the world, especially premium visitors, injecting impetus into the economic growth of Hong Kong and the region.”
Download photos
Media Enquiry Hotline:
+852 2188 7152
Contact Email:
media@hkairport.com
Airport Authority Website:
www.hongkongairport.com
Customer Enquiry Hotline:
+852 2181 8888
HKIA Facebook page
HKIA Instagram account
HKIA youTube page
HKIA X account
HKIA WeChat account
HKIA Weibo account
HKIA Linkedin account
HKIA's tiktok
HKIA's XIAOHUNGSHU
PASSENGERS
Flights
Passenger Guide
Transport
Shop & Dine
Relax & Fun
Map
ABOUT US
The Airport
Airport Authority
Careers
Sustainability
Community
Media Centre
CONTACT US
Customer Service
Useful Contacts
Frequently Asked Questions
Sitemap
Access to Information
Airport Authority Bylaw
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility Statement
©Airport Authority Hong Kong. All Rights Reserved.
Flight Info
To & From Airport
Contact Us
social media share
Share to Facebook
Share to Twitter
Share to Weibo
Email a friend
Share to Whatsapp
Share to Wechat
Share to Line
Share to Telegram
Back to top