Taoyuan Intelligent Aerotropolis - Intelligent Community Forum
Toggle navigation
Who We Are
Who We Are
Mission
What is an Intelligent Community?
Our Team
Thought Leaders
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What We Do
What We Do
Professional Education
Certification
Advisory Services
VIP Delegations
Assessment
Awards
Network
Network
Intelligent Community Network
Benefit from the Network
Intelligent Community Use Cases
Participate
Participate
Your Intelligent Community Journey
Members and Partners
Membership
Intelligent Community Institutes
ICF Nations
Strategic Advisors
Resources
Resources
Audio and Video Content
Community Solutions
Reports
Books
Speakers
Events
Events
Smart21 Announcements
Top7 Announcements
ICF Global Summits
Webinars
News & Media
News & Media
News Coverage
Press Releases
Blog
ICF Member News
Podcast
Search
Get Updates
Sign up
Toggle navigation
Chọn Ngôn ngữ
Việt
Ả Rập
Abkhaz
Aceh
Acholi
Afar
Albania
Alur
Amharic
Armenia
Assam
Avar
Awadhi
Aymara
Azerbaijan
Ba Lan
Ba Tư
Bali
Baluchi
Bambara
Bantu
Baoulé
Bashkir
Basque
Batak Karo
Batak Simalungun
Batak Toba
Bắc Sami
Belarus
Bemba
Bengal
Betawi
Bhojpuri
Bikol
Bosnia
Bồ Đào Nha (Bồ Đào Nha)
Bồ Đào Nha (Brazil)
Breton
Bulgaria
Buryat
Catalan
Cebuano
Chamorro
Chechen
Chichewa
Chuuk
Chuvash
Corsi
Creole (Haiti)
Creole Seychelles
Croatia
Dari
Dhivehi
Dinka
Do Thái
Dogri
Dombe
Dyula
Dzongkha
Đan Mạch
Đức
Estonia
Ewe
Faroese
Fiji
Filipino
Fon
Frisia
Friuli
Fulani
Gaa
Gael Scotland
Galicia
Guarani
Gujarat
Hà Lan
Hà Lan (Nam Phi)
Hakha Chin
Hàn
Hausa
Hawaii
Hiligaynon
Hindi
Hmong
Hungary
Hunsrik
Hy Lạp
Iban
Iceland
Igbo
Ilocano
Indonesia
Ireland
Java
Jingpo
Kalaallisut
Kannada
Kanuri
Kapampangan
Kazakh
Khasi
Khmer
Kiga
Kikongo
Kinyarwanda
Kituba
Kokborok
Komi
Konkani
Krio
Kurd (Kurmanji)
Kurd (Sorani)
Kyrgyz
Lào
Latgale
Latinh
Latvia
Liguria
Limburg
Lingala
Litva
Lombard
Luganda
Luo
Luxembourg
Mã Lai
Macedonia
Madura
Maithili
Makassar
Malagasy
Malay (Jawi)
Malayalam
Malta
Mam
Manx
Maori
Marathi
Mari đồng cỏ
Marshall
Marwadi
Mauritian Creole
Maya Yucatec
Meiteilon (Manipuri)
Minang
Mizo
Mông Cổ
Myanmar (tiếng Miến Điện)
N'Ko
Na Uy
Nahuatl (Đông Huasteca)
Nam Ndebele
Ndau
Nepal
Nepal Bhasa (Newar)
Nga
Nhật
Nuer
Occitan
Odia (Oriya)
Oromo
Ossetia
Pangasinan
Papiamento
Pashto
Patois Jamaica
Phạn
Pháp
Pháp (Canada)
Phần Lan
Punjab (Gurmukhi)
Punjab (Shahmukhi)
Q'eqchi'
Quảng Đông
Quechua
Quốc tế ngữ
Romani
Rumani
Rundi
Samoa
Sango
Séc
Sepedi
Serbia
Sesotho
Shan
Shona
Sicily
Silesia
Sindhi
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenia
Somali
Sunda
Susu
Swahili
Swati
Tahiti
Tajik
Tamazight
Tamazight (Tifinagh)
Tamil
Tatar
Tatar Krym (Kirin)
Tây Ban Nha
Tây Tạng
Telugu
Tetum
Thái
Thổ Nhĩ Kỳ
Thụy Điển
Tiếng Georgia
Tiếng Inuktut (Âm tiết)
Tiếng Inuktut (Latinh)
Tiếng Santal (Latinh)
Tiếng Santal (Ol Chiki)
Tiếng Tatar Krym (Latinh)
Tigrinya
Tiv
Tok Pisin
Tonga
Trung (Giản thể)
Trung (Phồn thể)
Tshiluba
Tsonga
Tswana
Tulu
Tumbuka
Turkmen
Tuva
Twi
Udmurt
Ukraina
Urdu
Uyghur
Uzbek
Venda
Venice
Waray
Wolof
Xứ Wales
Ý
Yakut
Yiddish
Yoruba
Zapotec
Zulu
Được hỗ trợ bởi
Dịch
Sign in
Who We Are
Who We Are
Mission
What is an Intelligent Community?
Our Team
Thought Leaders
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What We Do
What We Do
Professional Education
Certification
Advisory Services
VIP Delegations
Assessment
Awards
Network
Network
Intelligent Community Network
Benefit from the Network
Intelligent Community Use Cases
Participate
Participate
Your Intelligent Community Journey
Members and Partners
Membership
Intelligent Community Institutes
ICF Nations
Strategic Advisors
Resources
Resources
Audio and Video Content
Community Solutions
Reports
Books
Speakers
Events
Events
Smart21 Announcements
Top7 Announcements
ICF Global Summits
Webinars
News & Media
News & Media
News Coverage
Press Releases
Blog
ICF Member News
Podcast
Search
Get Updates
Home
News & Media
Taoyuan Intelligent Aerotropolis
Taoyuan Intelligent Aerotropolis
Posted by
John G. Jung
|
November
26th,
2019
As cities and regions continue to grow, one of its key economic and city-building drivers will be “airport cities”, known as an aerotropolis. These are massive projects that bring together major free trade zones and logistics activities. They also often bring together air, rail and road connectivity making them very desirable locations for businesses and for high-value products and related light-weight manufacturing and assembly activities that can be efficiently shipped by air cargo. But these airport cities or aerotropolis developments can also bring together other aspects of city building, such as entertainment, restaurants, markets and educational facilities. As a virtual city, it will also be filled with people who may wish to reside in or near an exciting aerotropolis requiring places for everyday shopping, culture and health-related facilities.
There are now many aerotropolis projects built or in planning stages around the world, such as in Amsterdam (Schiphol), Seoul (Incheon), Dallas-Fort Worth, Denver, and in China and Thailand, to name a few. Taoyuan City also had a plan for an aerotropolis over a decade ago. But it proved to be controversial due to issues related to potential pollution concerns, insinuations of irregularities in land acquisition and concerns over forced relocations. It was consequently dropped until Taoyuan City’s current Mayor Cheng Wen-tsan reinvigorated the project under 5 key principles: public transparency; democratic participation; eco-development; public interest; and the introduction of innovative industries, all of which would create a new community that promises to benefit from lower pollution, lower energy consumption and lower water usage.
After 11 years trying, Taoyuan City won ICF’s Intelligent Community of the Year in June 2019. Subsequently, ICF was invited to look at the Taoyuan Aerotropolis from the Intelligent Community perspective. Accordingly, 5 globally recognized practitioners with backgrounds in urban planning, architecture, urban design, academia, technology and economic development were invited to participate in a 3-day Workshop/Charrette with the goal of providing thought leadership on the evolution of Taoyuan’s Aerotropolis. The group that formed included Joe Berridge, globally renown master planner of airports in Toronto and Manchester and currently consulting on the Sidewalk Labs initiative in Toronto. He looked at innovation and new industry opportunities in the Taoyuan Aerotropolis. Luigi Ferrara is the Dean of the Centre for Arts, Design & Information Technology and its Institute Without Boundaries at George Brown College in Toronto. He looked at the structural aspects of including eco-logistics into the initiative, among other design-related aspects of the site. Stantec’s Andrew Irvine, from its Denver office, has won global acclaim for master plans in the Melbourne Docklands, the Burj in Dubai, and Denver International Airport’s Natural Resources & Mobility Master Plan. He looked at the smart city infrastructure throughout the Taoyuan City Aerotropolis. Dr. Norman Jacknis, is a Senior Fellow at the Intelligent Community Forum, Co-Founder and Chairman of the Gotham Innovation Greenhouse, as well as a former Director of Cisco’s IBSG Public Sector Group and former CIO and Commissioner of Westchester County, New York. Norm covered the cultural and knowledge workforce considerations of the initiative. Rounding out as the team leader was ICF’s Chairman and Co-Founder, John G Jung, an urban planner and urban designer with extensive economic development and global experience in the Intelligent Community movement. He focused on economic impact, project acceleration and branding aspects of Taoyuan’s Intelligent Aerotropolis project.
After the first day of orientation, the ICF team spent a full day from 8:00 am until after midnight on the second day with over 60 participants developing their ideas about the project. The third day was a sold-out formal Forum of 500 representatives from government, the private sector and academia to discuss and share ideas about Taoyuan’s Aerotropolis. Following the ICF team’s presentations, several practitioners from Taiwan, Korea and Singapore provided additional technical and digital planning insights from their regions including Dr. Lui Thai Ker, Founding Chairman of the Centre for Livable Cities. He spoke about the need to place people in the center of the planning of livable cities, a reminder that an aerotropolis with tens of thousands of daily visitors and future occupants and workers will also need this approach.
Over the course of the 3-day workshop we learned that Taoyuan’s Aerotropolis is the nation’s only international airport through which all of the major importing and exporting of goods are shipped. It also includes a growing Free-trade zone and is one of Asia’s major logistics centers. The Aerotropolis will cover 4565 hectares (over 17 square miles or 11,000 acres) in size. Its huge! That represents about 10 times the area of the Vatican City; 16 times the development of Melbourne’s Docklands and 420 times the size of the development of the Hudson Yards in New York City. You can build about 4600 football fields or rugby pitches in this development. Over NT$500 Billion (US$17 Billion) is expected to be invested in the Taoyuan’s Aerotropolis which will generate economic benefits exceeding NT$2.3 Trillion (US$78 billion). It is further expected to create over 300,000 jobs. Taoyuan’s Aerotropolis is truly a regional initiative since it will be an economic driver for the city, region and nation with direct and indirect impacts extending from 20-60 miles.
We also learned that there are many aerotropolis projects around the world. Accordingly, Taoyuan’s Aerotropolis needs to differentiate itself from the rest if it wishes to be truly competitive. Since Taoyuan was recently awarded as the world’s most Intelligent Community of the Year, it seems natural to consider calling it the “Taoyuan Intelligent Aerotropolis”. With such nomenclature it is expected that an Intelligent Aerotropolis would include diverse technology platforms and many innovative applications in the project, including autonomous vehicles, artificial intelligence supported by sensors everywhere and advanced, green logistics. These and other forms of technological advancements, enabled by high-speed broadband, especially with the rollout of 5G opportunities, would be necessary to support any aviation-based city complex.
The project will help to transform Taoyuan City into Taiwan's "gateway capital" and into a serious logistics center for the Asia-Pacific area. A significant cluster of IoT-related industries has already formed in Taoyuan due to many locational and economic factors. It is the “nexus” of transportation and communications capabilities; offers more affordable land and housing availability; it is less expensive to do business in Taoyuan than Taipei; it has a very young population due to students and graduates from its numerous colleges and universities; it is multi-cultural and diverse through its welcoming immigration policies, thus attracting much international innovation; and has proven government leadership and support for the growth of the cluster. Consequently, as an example, the Asia Silicon Valley Development Agency (ASVDA) selected Taoyuan as its headquarters. With these new directions, leveraging advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence, IOT and autonomous everything, supported through 5G, the Intelligent Aerotropolis will play a critical role in transforming the nation's industry sectors as well as the introduction of new and innovative industries through startups, research and experimentations. Among recommendations for the next phase of the Taoyuan Aerotropolis is the development of an approach to become a leader in eco-logistics, promoting sustainable, low-carbon urban freight strategies and solutions to be developed by all sectors involved in urban freight activities. Currently there are more than 2000 logistics firms in Taoyuan with significant urban freight movements and other activities forming an immediate demand for logistics, free trade and an eco-logistics focus for Taoyuan’s Intelligent Aerotropolis. It also makes a lot of sense. Globally, the data shows that 25 percent of urban vehicles are related to the movement of urban freight, such as trucks dealing with waste, construction and commercial deliveries. These movements take up about 40% of road space and create 40% of urban transport-related CO2 emissions. Taoyuan’s Aerotropolis recently joined ICLEI’s Eco-Logistics project, helping Taoyuan to pursue a key early deliverable, potentially ensuring Taoyuan’s Industry 4.0 acceleration in its efforts to transform its industries and its economy.
The ICF team toured the headquarters of the Taoyuan Aerotropolis where the ASVDA is also currently headquartered, as are private sector organizations hoping to partner on the project. One of these potential partners is Cisco’s demonstration and research center, covering every conceivable new technology that could potentially be incorporated into an aerotropolis. No doubt many other partners will also be developing demonstration offices. Chunghwa Telecom is participating in Taoyuan’s plans for an Asia Silicon Valley Innovation R&D Center. Here, it is expected that entrepreneurs will be able to pursue their initiatives by gaining access to enhanced technical capacities and benefitting from an innovation ecosystem at lower costs than neighboring cities. It is also expected that they will benefit from greater access to funding support within the aerotropolis innovation ecosystem, especially in an environment that could potentially support experimentation such as smart-city challenges and city-labs around the world. Taoyuan City government already has experience with experimentation with several demonstration projects underway, such as smart poles deploying cameras, environmental sensors and LED street-lighting. Accordingly, one of the key areas of discussion during the workshop was to consider ways to leverage and harness the excitement and energies of the public, private and institutional organizations (known as the Triple Helix) to undertake a large living-lab initiative and continuous learning opportunities on part of the site. With the zone expropriation expected to be approved in March 2020, the plan would enter the phase of substantial development. Consequently, having learned from some of the experimentation on the site, would go a long way to assist the development in focusing on key initiatives.
According to the discussions at the workshop, new and innovative industries, focused on reducing the CO2 footprint would be one of the main attractions. Additionally, attracting Foreign Direct Investment (FDI), especially international high-tech companies as well as generating homegrown startups and research in this area could be a key and foundational goal of the partnership of the ASVDA and Taoyuan’s Intelligent Aerotropolis. Cooperation among the central government, Taoyuan City government, and local industries would help to accelerate opportunities for the development of Taoyuan’s Intelligent Aerotropolis. It will also accelerate the country’s economy and industrial structure as it evolves from devices to its next phase of innovation and software-related industries in aerospace, logistics, biotechnology, green energy, cloud computing, autonomous vehicles and smart city infrastructure. ASVDA established the Asia Silicon Valley IoT Industry Alliance with over 370 private sector partners to provide a cooperative platform for corporations involved in technology and business-related applications to pursue initiatives in smart mobility, smart medical service, AI and other Industry 4.0 applications.
The Taoyuan Aerotropolis would be a dynamic fusion of the latest technology mixed with experimentation of the latest applications over 5G+ platforms. It would certainly include all the smart infrastructure of other aviation-styled cities, but this is where Taoyuan’s Intelligent Aerotropolis would differ from the others: much of the discussion during the 3-day workshop centered around people rather than the technologies themselves. Consequently, despite the sexy technology of drones, driverless vehicles and loads of data to play with from sensors and cameras that might be placed everywhere on the site, organizers of the workshop kept an open mind about how people would live, work, play and evolve in such an area. They recognized that technology will constantly change; so, there is a critical need to engage and empower the people in the community and region to participate in the Intelligent Aerotropolis’ evolution. Consequently, Taoyuan’s Intelligent Aerotropolis, much as Taoyuan City’s efforts to pursue ICF’s Intelligent Community of the Year recognition, would be first and foremost human-centric and consider all development opportunities from a people-first design perspective.
The ideas discussed challenged the participants to focus on a structure plan that emphasized ecological, cultural and recreational opportunities related to the rivers and green zones in addition to the area’s transportation corridors. Both would benefit new forms of mobility throughout the projects. These would include walking and bicycles to augment transit and autonomous vehicles and other autonomous things such as drones and logistics pods. In addition to mobility there could be exceptional opportunities to create the development of people-oriented places such as squares and socializing areas where visitors, workers and residents could meet, have coffee or enjoy recreational pursuits. Exciting and dynamic development nodes at the MRT (Mass Rapid Transit) stops would be opportunities for greater densities to occur with mixed use developments where people could live and work in highly livable environments, finding opportunities for “things to do” such as markets and entertainment and educational pursuits.
The development of knowledge workers, a key asset and resource of Taoyuan, was a key discussion point. An aviation-focused university and other potential university departments aimed at logistic and eco-logics, biotechnology, green industries, security and several other areas of focus could develop unique talent within the innovation zone of the 4565 hectare project. Integrating these initiatives would deliver inspiring opportunities for new knowledge workers to focus on open and big data, Industry 4.0, and related smart city infrastructure, especially with the roll-out of 5G networks. The participation of the Triple Helix community could further help to transform local innovation and integration with local industrial clusters through demonstration initiatives that would help to retain existing knowledge workers and attract new talent and international investment to an exciting and dynamic Aerotropolis in Taoyuan.
About
John G. Jung
Urban Planner; Urban Designer; Economic Developer; Author; Speaker; re. Smart & Intelligent Cities; Co-Founder/Chair ICF; ICF Canada, Global Cities Navigator.
See other pages related to
John Jung
taiwan
taoyuan
Blog
aerotropolis
Share on
Showing 1 reaction
Be the first to comment
Optional email code
Sign in with email
Remember me
or
Create an account
Optional email code
Create an account
or
Sign in with email
Please check your e-mail for a link to activate your account.
John G. Jung
published this page in
News & Media
6 years ago
The Intelligent Community Forum® (
ICF) is a network of communities and partners in the business and nonprofit sectors that provides economic development, training, certification, membership and consulting services. In a century dominated by digital, our mission is to help communities build innovative, inclusive and prosperous economies and cultivate strong social connections and rich and meaningful cultures. We do it for communities large and small, in urban clusters and outlying suburbs and rural places. We believe that digital connectivity and technology create the opportunity for almost every community to develop economic, social and cultural vitality – giving them all a chance to be great places to live, work, learn, grow, raise a family and prepare a path for the next generation.
Learn More
Intelligent Community Network
News Coverage
Press Releases
Get Involved
Events
ICF Feedback
Connect with ICF
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
YouTube
© Copyright 2015 Intelligent Community Forum
Created with NationBuilder
Townsville, Queensland
Intelligent Community Network
How to Use the Courses
Langley City
Malaga
Castro
Township of Langley, British Columbia
Markham, Ontario
Defiance, Ohio
Doral, Florida
East Central Region, Minnesota
Seat Pleasant, Maryland
The Smart21 Communities of the Year
Assai, Parana
Belfast, Northern Ireland
Summit Program
Alexandria Lakes Area, Minnesota
Fairlawn, Ohio
Hilliard, Ohio
Coquitlam, British Columbia
Izmir
ICF Global Summits
Analysts
Events
Analysts
Las Rozas de Madrid
Turkey
Community Accelerator® Strategy
Coral Gables, Florida
How to Get Started
How to Get Started
Greater Geelong, Victoria
Bursa Metropolitan Municipality
Pingtung County
Ponta Grossa, Parana
Why the Countryside Needs Connection
Improve Your Community
Resources
Community Assessment
City of Maple Ridge, British Columbia
Chiayi County
Participate
What Subscribers Say
Woodstock, Georgia
Warner Robins, Georgia
Feedback
Advisory Services
Your Intelligent Community Journey
Audio and Video Content
Standards
Community Accelerator Free Mini-Courses
Intelligent Community Awards Program®
Sant Feliu de Llobregat
Assessment
Certified Communities
Bilbao
Awards Jury
Learn How to Build an Intelligent Community
Smart21 Announcements
Speakers
Community Accelerator
By the Numbers
Benefit from the Network
Certify Your Community
ICF Rankings: Sustain 2020
Membership
Awards Jury
Alcobendas
Podcast
The Top7 Intelligent Communities of the Year
Course Catalog
Fairfield/Jefferson County, Iowa
What We Do
Estevan, Saskatchewan
Yunlin County
Elefsina, Attica
Mississauga, Ontario
Intelligent Community Use Cases
Community Questionnaire
Webinars
Newmarket, Ontario
The Network
Parramatta, New South Wales
A Tale of Two Economies
Community Accelerator® Courses
Wellington
Matsu
For Intelligent Community Developers
Top7 Announcements
Durham Region, Ontario
How to Apply
Barcelona
Intelligent Community of the Year
Process & Benefits
Konya Metropolitan Municipality
Intelligent Community Solutions
Sign up
Optional email code
Already have an account? Sign in.
Văn bản gốc
Đánh giá bản dịch này
Ý kiến phản hồi của bạn sẽ được dùng để góp phần cải thiện Google Dịch