Why Hongqiao CBD
Search
中文
Home
News
In Focus
Projects
Phase I Core Area
South and North Core Area
Enterprises
Investment Guide
Procedures
Policies
Opportunities
Industries
Living
Food
Accommodation
Shopping
Entertainment
Transportation
About Us
Overview
Officials
History
Map
Video
Contact Us
Home
>
Opportunities
Procedures
Policies
Opportunities
Industries
Why Hongqiao CBD
(shhqcbd.gov.cn)
Updated: 2016-03-31
Print
Large
Medium
Small
As a first-class global business hub, Hongqiao Central Business District (CBD) is known as the western center of Shanghai and boasts many advantages.
Geographical advantage
Hongqiao CBD is situated in downtown Shanghai, with huge swathes of land to its west as its hinterland. No more than 300 kilometers away from dozens of major cities in the Yangtze River Delta, Hongqiao CBD is the first stop when entering Shanghai by aircraft, high-speed railway or vehicle.
Transportation
Hongqiao Integrated Transportation Hub is an unparalleled transportation complex  containing multiple transportation infrastructures, including an international airport, and high-speed railway terminal. It benefits the regional economy and social development and improves the efficiency and level of service in Shanghai. This  creates more opportunities for regional communication and cooperation in the Yangtze River Delta.
Late-development advantage
Based on the experience of economic reform and industrial development in last 30 years, Hongqiao CBD is a high-end business district in a new period and new stage.
It explores and learns from domestic and foreign business districts and tries to avoid the shortcomings of other business districts. The experience and lessons of world famous CBDs are fully considered before any final plans and designs are submitted.
Policies advantage
Hongqiao CBD is the key functional area defined in the city’s “12th Five-Year Plan” (2011-15) and the demonstration area of low-carbon development and the smart city.
According to the document No. 74 issued by the Ministry of Finance and Ministry of Commerce, Hongqiao CBD is the integrated pilot area of the modern service industry. It will focus on promoting the management system and mechanical innovation of the modern service industry and aim to create the best systems, mechanisms and policy environment for the service industry.
Relative cost advantage
Hongqiao CBD shares the infrastructure of Shanghai’s downtown area and also possessing infrastructure and construction projects with a total investment of more than 100 billion yuan ($15.34 billion). Its unique geographical advantage and transport advantage will be effectively transformed into information and talent accumulation, which play important roles in getting information, coordinating resources, managing production, developing new markets, reducing operating costs and improving operational efficiency.
8.03K
站长统计